NOTICES AND INFORMATION




The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed
above ("the Program").

Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee
may have with IBM or any of its related or affiliated entities
(collectively "IBM"), the third party code identified below is subject
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.
The notices are provided for informational purposes.

Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.

IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in this
NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of IBM and
IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any third party
website referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM disclaims any
and all liability for errors and omissions or for any damages accruing
from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, including without
limitation URLs or references to any third party websites.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR EXCLUDED COMPONENTS 

Watson Assistant ICP4D
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING 
SECTIONS:

APACHE V1.1
APACHE V2
ARTISTIC V2  
BOOST
BSD  
BSD OPEN-SSL   
BSD GOOGLE PATENTS FILE
BSD-EQUIVALENT  
CDDL V1  
CPL  
EPL 
ICU
INDEPENDENT JPEG
ISC  
JDOM                     
JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE  
JTIDY                     
LGPL V2                   
LGPL V2.1                 
LGPL V3                   
MIT  
MIT-EQUIVALENT  
MPL V1.1 
MPL V2.0  
PYTHON
REGEX HENRY SPENCER 
UNICODE  
UNIQUE 
UNIQUE BEERWARE
UNIQUE NVIDIA                    
W3C
ZOPE V2                   



++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

APACHE SOFTWARE LICENSE 1.1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Apache License Version 1.1:

PLEXUS CONFIGURATION [Plexus-Container-Default], CONTEXT
[Plexus-Container-Default], LOGGING [Plexus-Container-Default],
apache.bcel.classfile, DirectoryScanner.java, ExitException.java
(nailgun), InterpolatorFilterReader.java Os.java StringUtils.java, 
org.codehaus.plexus.util.xml.pull, org.codehaus.plexus.util, 
oro-2.0.8, Plexus Configuration, Plexus, Configurator, plexus-utils, 
PlexusConfiguration.java, qdox, regexp-1.3, Signature.java, 
sslext-1.2.0, StringInputStream.java, xpp3_min-1.1.4c, 
Org.codehaus.plexus.util.xml.pull, DIRECTORYSCANNER.JAVA, 
SSLEXT, DIRECTORYSCAN.JAVA, XPP3_MIN

This product includes software developed by the Apache Software 
Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).

The Apache Software License, Version 1.1
Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.
 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:
 
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the
Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must 
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For written
permission, please contact apache@apache.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
permission of the Apache Software Foundation.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
=================================================================

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
<http://www.apache.org/>.

Portions of this software are based upon public domain software
originally written at the National Center for Supercomputing 
Applications, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.

END OF APACHE SOFTWARE LICENSE 1.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

APACHE LICENSE 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Apache License Version 2.0:

COMMONS-NET, COMMON-UTILS, KAFKA-SCHEMA-REGISTRY-CLIENT, LOG4J-API,
NETTY-TCNATIVE-BORINGSSL-STATIC, NETTY-CODEC-HTTP, CONNECT-API,
PROMETHEUS_CLIENT, COMMONS LANG [Netty], ABSL_PY.ABSL.FLAGS
[tensorflow], MODELS [tensorflow], ZOOKEEPER [common],
MAVEN-COMMON-ARTIFACTS-FILTERS, KAFKA-STREAMS-AVRO-SERDE, GRPC
[tensorflow], COMMONS-MATH3, HTTPCORE, LIBTHRIFT, CUDA [tensorflow],
OPEN-SANS-FONTFACE [Angular], CURATOR-FRAMEWORK, CARBON-COMPONENTS,
JACKSON-CORE, LIBTENSORFLOW, BOOSTED_TREES [tensorflow], JBOSS-LOGGING,
LONG, ECDSA-SIG-FORMATTER, ENVOY [grpc-java], MLPBTXT [tensorflow],
JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-YAML, GRPC-JAVA, THRIFT,
NETTY-TRANSPORT-NATIVE-UNIX-COMMON, JACKSON-DATABIND,
NETTY-TRANSPORT-NATIVE-EPOLL, RETRYING.PY [Pip], KAFKA-STREAMS,
ECP_NISTP224.C [NodeJS], COMPONENT [Plexus-Container-Default], C/EAGER
[tensorflow], ERROR_PRONE_ANNOTATIONS, JACKSON-JAXRS-BASE, RJSMIN.JS
[NodeJS], ABSL-PY, HARMONY [Netty], KUBERNETES, CURATOR-RECIPES,
JCIP-ANNOTATIONS, PLEXUS COMPONENT COMPOSITION
[Plexus-Container-Default], CACHECONTROL [Pip], APACHE COMMONS LANG
[Netty], OPS/TS_OP_GEN.CC/GOOGLEAPIS [tensorflow],
PLEXUSCONFIGURATION.JAVA [Plexus-Container-Default], MKL [tensorflow],
SUREFIRE-TESTNG-UTILS, JCTOOLS [Netty], NETTY-CODEC-SOCKS, ICU
[tensorflow], ZKCLIENT [common], LOG4J-1.2-API, JSON-SMART, RSA
(PYTHON), CEPHES [tensorflow], CONNECT-JSON, COMMONS-FILEUPLOAD, LEGAL
FILE (LOG4J-1.2.16.LICENSE.TXT) [Zookeeper],
MAPORIENTEDCOMPONENTCOMPOSER.JAVA [Plexus-Container-Default],
SNAPPY-JAVA, GENERICENTITY.JAVA, DISTRO [Pip], JACKSON-ANNOTATIONS,
PROTOC-GEN-VALIDATE [grpc-java], CARBON-ADDONS-CLOUD, NETTY-COMMON,
GRPCHTTP2HEADERSUTILS.JAVA [grpc-netty-shaded], CURATOR-CLIENT, DOCKER
[tensorflow], KAFKA-CLIENTS, COMMON, GRPC-STUB, CLUSTER-KEY-SLOT,
ACCESSORS-SMART, NETTY [grpc-java], API/GENERATOR [tensorflow],
QRCODE-TERMINAL, GRAPPLER/CLUSTERS [tensorflow], NETTY-CODEC,
GRPC-NETTY, JETTY-SERVER, PACKAGING [Pip], JETTY-IO, NCCL [tensorflow],
GRPC-PROTOBUF-LITE, RESTEASY-JAXRS, GUAVA, HTTPCLIENT, JETTY-HTTP,
SNAKEYAML, SWAGGER-UI, GRPC-PROTOBUF, CYTHON, QDOX [hamcrest-all],
MAVEN-CLEAN-PLUGIN, RFC3986 [urllib3], KAFKA-AVRO-SERIALIZER, JSON2YAML,
TOMCAT-EMBED-CORE, MONGODB-DRIVER, J2OBJC-ANNOTATIONS, NETTY-BUFFER,
NETTY-RESOLVER, JACKSON-MODULE-JAXB-ANNOTATIONS, ELASTICSEARCH,
@GRPC/PROTO-LOADER, CLASSIFIER [TensorFlow Serving],
GUICE-ASSISTEDINJECT, OKHTTP [grpc-java], @CARBON/ICONS-REACT,
RESTEASY-SERVLET-INITIALIZER, ETCD-JAVA, AVRO, DOCS/PUBLIC/BOOTSTRAP
[jq], JAMM, JETTY-SERVLET, ORTOOLS [tensorflow], COMMONS-POOL2,
FLATBUFFERS [tensorflow], JACKSON-CORE-ASL, SIMPLECLIENT_HTTPSERVER,
GRPC-CONTEXT, LZ4-JAVA, GEMMLOWP [tensorflow], CONFLUENT-KAFKA-PYTHON,
MSGPACK [Pip], ELASTICSEARCH-DSL (PYTHON), SIMPLECLIENT, REQUESTS,
BOOTSTRAP, LEGAL FILE ( ZKPERL) [Zookeeper], SISU-GUAVA, TENSORFLOW,
JAVA UTILMAP [Plexus-Container-Default], PYPA/PACKAGING [setuptools],
JSON-PATH, PLEXUS-CONTAINER-DEFAULT, HPACK [Netty],
CARBON-COMPONENTS-REACT, SIMPLECLIENT_COMMON, COM_GOOGLE_ABSL
[tensorflow], JETTY-UTIL, COMMONS-CLI, VALIDATION-API, PYTHON-DATEUTIL,
ANNOTATIONS, PERFMARK-API, GRPC-NETTY-SHADED, BAZEL [tensorflow], APACHE
HARMONY [Netty], NETTY-TRANSPORT, @CARBON/ICON-HELPERS,
SPRING-EXPRESSION, CARBON-THEMES, SUREFIRE-JUNIT4, EVENTCONSTANTS,
JACKSON-MAPPER-ASL, REMOTE-DOCKER-BUILD-CPU [tensorflow],
MPI_COLLECTIVES [tensorflow], TBB [tensorflow], PROTO [tensorflow],
DETECT-LIBC, DOMPURIFY, JETTY-SECURITY, REQUEST,
JACKSON-JAXRS-JSON-PROVIDER, MONGODB-DRIVER-CORE, TENSORFLOW SERVING,
ESTIMATOR_BATCH [tensorflow], ECP_NISTZ256-AVX2.PL [NodeJS], GRPC-CORE,
NETTY-HANDLER, BSON, CONFTEST.PY [urllib3], OPENCENSUS-API,
TENSORFLOW-SERVING, PYMONGO, JSR305, ROCKSDBJNI, MAVEN-INVOKER,
ABNF_REGEXP.PY [Pip], NETTY-HANDLER-PROXY, GOOGLE-CODE-PRETTIFY 1.0.1
[Angular], OPENCENSUS-CONTRIB-GRPC-METRICS, DENQUE, NETTY-CODEC-HTTP2,
COMMONS-COMPRESS, COMMONS-LANG3, HADOOP/HDFS.H [tensorflow], MISC.PY
[Pip], PROTO-GOOGLE-COMMON-PROTOS, GOOGLE-AUTH, 
/__init__.py, absl-py, absl-py 0.4.0, absl-py-0.1.13, aether-api,
aether-impl, aether-spi, aether-util, annotations, ant, ant-launcher,
ant-launcher-1.8.2, ant-launcher-1.9.4, Apache BCEL, Apache Maven,
Apache Maven Doxia, Apache-Maven-Doxia-tools, apachecommons,
archaius-core, archaius-core-0.5.12, archaius-core-0.6.3,
archaius-zookeeper-0.6.3, ascli-1.0.1, aspectj, Assertions.java,
AbstractCopyOnWriteMap.java, CopyOnWriteMap.java, Atomiclong.cs,
audience-annotations, aws-java-sdk-core, aws-java-sdk-core-1.11.220,
aws-java-sdk-kms, aws-java-sdk-kms-1.11.220, aws-java-sdk-s3,
aws-java-sdk-s3-1.11.220, aws-sign2-0.5.0, aws-sign2-0.6.0,
aws-sign2-0.7.0, awsrequest.py, Base64, base64.java, Base64Codec.java,
Base64Coder, Base64Java, Beta.java, biz.aQute.bndlib, bleach-1.5.0,
bndlib, bndlib-0.0.357, Bootstrap, Bootstrap @VERSION for Print,
Bootstrap v2.3.1, boto3-1.6.23, boto3-1.7.2, botocore, bson, btree, 
byte-buddy-1.6.14, bytebuffer-5.0.1, BZip2Constants.java,
carbon-addons-cloud-1.2.1, carbon-components, carbon-components 7.26.10,
carbon-components-react 5.52.4, carbon-components-react-5.41.1,
carbon-icons-6.3.2, carbon-themes-1.6.0, caseless-0.11.0,
caseless-0.12.0, cassandra-driver-core, cassandra-driver-extras-3.1.0,
Catalan stopwords, cbor, cdi-api, cfenv-1.0.4, cg-lib, CGLib,
checkstyle-noframes-sorted.xsl (Ant), ClassMap.java MethodMap.java,
classmate-1.3.4, clockwork, cloudant-client, cmux, Cobra, common,
common-java5-2.18.1, common-java5-2.2, common-junit3-2.18.1,
common-junit4-2.18.1, commons lang, Commons Lang3 3.1,
commons-beanutils, commons-beanutils-core-1.8.3, Commons-chain,
commons-cli, commons-codec, commons-collections, commons-compress,
Commons-configuration, commons-csv, commons-dbcp2, Commons-digester,
commons-exec, commons-fileupload, commons-httpclient, commons-io,
commons-jxpath, commons-lang, Commons-Lang3, commons-logging,
commons-logging-api, commons-math, commons-math3, commons-pool,
commons-pool2, commons-pool2-2.4.3, compress-lzf-1.0.2,
concurrentlinkedhashmap-lru, conftest.py (urllib3), core, coreos/etcd,
cucumber-jvm-deps, curator, Curator-client, curator-framework,
Curator-recipes, curator-recipes-4.0.1, Datepicker for Bookstrap,
dependency-management-plugin, disruptor, distro.py,
docs/public/bootstrap/*, doxia-core, doxia-decoration-model,
doxia-decoration-model-1, doxia-decoration-model-1.1.2,
doxia-decoration-model-1.2, doxia-integration-tools, doxia-logging-api,
doxia-module-fml, doxia-module-xhtml, doxia-sink-api,
doxia-sink-api-1.0.alpha, doxia-site-renderer, doxia-skin-model,
dropwizard-metrics, easymock, ecdsa-sig-formatter-1.0.9, elasticsearch
1.3.1.1, elasticsearch-2.4.4, EqualsVerifier, erl_nif_compat.h,
error_prone_annotations, error_prone_annotations-2.0.19,
error_prone_annotations-2.1.2, error_prone_annotations-2.1.3, etcd,
etcd-java, eureka-client, eureka-client-1.1.151,
exec-maven-plugin-1.3.2, exec-maven-plugin-1.5.0,
exec-maven-plugin-1.6.0, Felix, Felix Maven-bundle plugin,
file-management, find-java-home 0.1.3, FluentAsync.java,
forever-agent-0.6.1, GenericEntity.java, genproto,
geronimo-annotation_1.1_spec, geronimo-jaxrs_1.1_spec, Glog,
go-grpc-prometheus, Go-openapi, go-semver, go-systemd, gofuzz,
golang-protobug_extensions, Google Code Prettify v2010/07/21,
google-code-prettify, google-code-prettify 1.0.1, google-collections,
governator-1.2.10, gpars, gradle-contacts-plugin, gradle-fpm,
gradle-git-version, gradle-info-plugin, gradle-lint-plugin,
gradle-wrapper, gradle-wrapper-3.4, groupcache, grpc, grpc-1.4.1,
grpc-context, grpc-core, grpc-java, grpc-netty, grpc_prometheus, grpcio,
grpcio 1.10.1, grpcio 1.14.1, grpcio-tools, gs-collections,
gs-collections-7.0.3, gs-collections-api-7.0.0,
gs-collections-api-7.0.3, gson, gson-2.8.2, gson-2.8.5,
gson-gson-parent-2.7 unknown, guava, guava-25.1, Guice,
guice-assistedinject, guice-grapher, guice-multibindings, Hadoop,
hadoop-annotations-2.6.0, hadoop-auth, hadoop-common, hadoop-hdfs-2.6.0,
hawtbuf, hawtbuf-proto, Hawtio, HdrHistogram-metrics-reservior,
hibernate-validator-4.1.0, hibernate-validator-5.4.2, hll, hppc,
htrace-core, httpasyncclient, httpasyncclient-4.1.1,
httpasyncclient-4.1.3, httpclient, httpclient-4.0.2, httpclient-4.2.1,
httpclient-4.2.3, httpclient-4.5.3, HttpCore, httpcore-4.2.1,
httpcore-4.2.2, httpcore-4.4, httpcore-4.4.4, httpcore-4.4.6,
httpcore-nio, httpcore-nio-4.4.5, httpcore-nio-4.4.6, httpmime-4.5.1,
hystrix-core-1.4.4, init.py, instrumentation-api-0.4.3,
intellij.annotations-9.0.4, io.grpc.netty, ion-java-1.0.2,
j2objc-annotations, j2objc-annotations-1.1, jackson-all,
jackson-annotations, jackson-annotations-2.6.0,
jackson-annotations-2.9.0, jackson-annotations-2.9.4, jackson-core,
jackson-core-2.3.1, jackson-core-2.4.2, jackson-core-2.6.7,
jackson-core-2.8.10, jackson-core-2.9.2, jackson-core-2.9.4,
jackson-core-asl, jackson-databind-2.3.1, jackson-databind-2.4.2,
jackson-databind-2.6.7.1, jackson-databind-2.9.2,
jackson-databind-2.9.4, jackson-dataformat-cbor,
jackson-dataformat-cbor-2.6.7, jackson-dataformat-smile,
jackson-dataformat-yaml-2.8.1, jackson-datatype-joda,
jackson-datatype-joda-2.8.10, jackson-jaxrs-base,
jackson-jaxrs-json-provider, jackson-mapper-asl, jackson-xc, jamm-0.3.1,
jamm-0.3.2, JAnsi's AnsiRenderer, jarjar, jarjar-1.4,
JarSecurityFileSelector.java, Java UtilMap, JavaEWAH, Javafiles,
javassist-3.18.1, javassist-3.20.0-GA, javassist-3.21.0, javax.inject,
JBoss, jboss-logging-3.3.1, jcip-annotations-1.0.1, jcl-over-slf4j,
jcl-over-slf4j-1.5.6, jcommander, jcommander-1.72, jctools-core-2.1.1,
jdeb, jest-2.0.3, jest-5.3.3, jest-common-2.0.3, jest-common-5.3.3,
Jetcd, Jettison, jetty-http-8.1.14.v20131031,
jetty-http-9.2.10.v20150310, jetty-io-8.1.14.v20131031,
jetty-io-9.2.10.v20150310, jetty-jmx-9.2.10.v20150310,
jetty-security-9.2.10.v20150310, jetty-servlet-9.2.10.v20150310,
jetty-servlets-9.2.10.v20150310, jetty-util-9.2.10.v20150310,
jetty-webapp-9.2.10.v20150310, jetty-xml-9.2.10.v20150310, jffi-1.2.10,
jmespath-java-1.11.220, JMiniX, JNA, jna-4.1.0, jna-platform-4.1.0,
jnr-constants-0.9.0, jnr-ffi-2.0.7, joda-time, joda-time-2.2,
joda-time-2.3, joda-time-2.7, joda-time-2.8.1, joda-time-2.9.5, jodk,
Jolokia, json-simple-1.1, JSONStream, JSONwriter, JSR305, junit-noframes
stylesheet, JUnitParams, k8s.io, kafka_2.9.2, kotlin-stdlib-1.2.10,
kotlin-stdlib-jre7-1.2.10, leadership, Libkv, libtensorflow, libthrift,
libthrift-0.9.3, log4j-1.2-api, log4j-1.2-api-2.3, log4j-1.2.12,
log4j-1.2.14, log4j-1.2.16, log4j-1.2.17, log4j-api-2.3, log4j-api-2.7,
log4j-core, log4j-core-2.3, log4j-core-2.5, log4j-core-2.7,
log4j-core-2.8.1, log4j-core-2.9.0, log4j-jul-2.3, log4j-slf4j-impl-2.3,
log4j-slf4j-impl-2.7, long, long-3.2.0, Lucene, Lucene CGLib, Lucene
Pettify, lucene-analyzers-3.6.2, lucene-analyzers-common,
lucene-analyzers-common-4.8.0, lucene-analyzers-common-5.5.2,
Lucene-core, lucene-queries-5.5.2, lucene-queryparser,
lucene-queryparser-4.8.0, lucene-queryparser-5.5.2,
lucene-sandbox-5.5.2, lucene-spellchecker-3.6.2,
MapOrientedComponentComposer.java, mapstruct-1.1.0, MartianSoftware,
matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions, Maven Common Artifact Filters,
Maven Surefire Plugin, maven-antrun-plugin, maven-archiver,
maven-artifact-2.0.11, maven-artifact-2.0.6, maven-artifact-2.0.7,
maven-artifact-2.0.9, maven-artifact-2.2.0, maven-artifact-2.2.1,
maven-artifact-3, maven-artifact-3.0.3, maven-artifact-3.1.0,
maven-artifact-3.2.1, maven-artifact-3.2.5, maven-artifact-manager,
maven-artifact-manager-2.0.11, maven-artifact-manager-2.0.6,
maven-artifact-manager-2.0.7, maven-artifact-manager-2.0.9,
maven-artifact-manager-2.2.0, maven-artifact-manager-2.2.1,
maven-artifact-transfer, maven-assembly-plugin, maven-checkstyle-plugin,
Maven-compiler-plugin, maven-compiler-plugin-2.3.2,
maven-compiler-plugin-3.1, maven-core-2.0.6, maven-core-2.0.7,
maven-core-2.0.9, maven-core-2.2.0, maven-core-2.2.1,
maven-dependency-analyzer, Maven-dependency-plugin,
maven-dependency-tree, maven-error-diagnostics-2.0.6,
maven-error-diagnostics-2.0.7, maven-error-diagnostics-2.0.9,
maven-error-diagnostics-2.2.0, maven-error-diagnostics-2.2.1,
maven-filtering, maven-install-plugin, maven-invoker,
maven-jar-plugin-2.4, maven-jar-plugin-2.6, Maven-javadoc-plugin,
maven-javadoc-plugin-2.10.2, maven-model-2.0.11, maven-model-2.0.6,
maven-model-2.0.7, maven-model-2.0.9, maven-model-2.2.0,
maven-model-2.2.1, maven-model-3, maven-model-3.0.3, maven-model-3.0.4,
maven-model-3.2.1, maven-model-3.2.5, maven-monitor-2.0.6,
maven-monitor-2.0.7, maven-monitor-2.0.9, maven-monitor-2.2.0,
maven-monitor-2.2.1, Maven-plugin, maven-plugin-annotations-3.1,
maven-plugin-annotations-3.3, maven-plugin-annotations-3.4,
maven-plugin-api-2.0.11, maven-plugin-api-2.0.6, maven-plugin-api-2.0.7,
maven-plugin-api-2.0.9, maven-plugin-api-2.2.0, maven-plugin-api-2.2.1,
maven-plugin-descriptor-2.0.6, maven-plugin-descriptor-2.0.7,
maven-plugin-descriptor-2.0.9, maven-plugin-descriptor-2.2.0,
maven-plugin-descriptor-2.2.1, maven-plugin-parameter-documenter-2.0.6,
maven-plugin-parameter-documenter-2.0.7,
maven-plugin-parameter-documenter-2.0.9,
maven-plugin-parameter-documenter-2.2.0,
maven-plugin-parameter-documenter-2.2.1, maven-plugin-registry-2.0.11,
maven-plugin-registry-2.0.6, maven-plugin-registry-2.0.7,
maven-plugin-registry-2.0.9, maven-plugin-registry-2.2.0,
maven-plugin-registry-2.2.1, maven-profile-2.0.11, maven-profile-2.0.6,
maven-profile-2.0.7, maven-profile-2.0.9, maven-profile-2.2.0,
maven-profile-2.2.1, maven-project-2.0.11, maven-project-2.0.6,
maven-project-2.0.7, maven-project-2.0.9, maven-project-2.2.0,
maven-project-2.2.1, maven-reporting-api-2.0.6,
maven-reporting-api-2.0.7, maven-reporting-api-2.0.9,
maven-reporting-api-2.2.0, maven-reporting-api-2.2.1,
maven-reporting-api-3, maven-reporting-impl-2.0.5,
maven-reporting-impl-2.1, maven-reporting-impl-2.3,
maven-repository-metadata-2.0.11, maven-repository-metadata-2.0.6,
maven-repository-metadata-2.0.7, maven-repository-metadata-2.0.9,
maven-repository-metadata-2.2.0, maven-repository-metadata-2.2.1,
maven-repository-metadata-3, maven-repository-metadata-3.2.5,
maven-resources-plugin-2.6, maven-resources-plugin-2.7, maven-scm,
maven-scm-api-1.3, maven-scm-api-1.9.1, maven-settings-2.0.11,
maven-settings-2.0.6, maven-settings-2.0.7, maven-settings-2.0.9,
maven-settings-2.2.0, maven-settings-2.2.1, maven-settings-3,
maven-settings-3.2.5, maven-shared-incremental, maven-shared-io,
maven-Shared-Maven-filtering, maven-shared-utils-0.1,
maven-shared-utils-0.3, maven-shared-utils-0.4, maven-shared-utils-0.6,
maven-shared-utils-0.7, maven-shared-utils-3.0.1,
maven-shared-utils-3.1.0, maven-source-plugin,
maven-surefire-common-2.1, maven-surefire-common-2.18.1,
maven-surefire-common-2.19.1, maven-surefire-common-2.2,
maven-toolchain, Metric.java, metrics-core-2.2.0, metrics-core-3.1.2,
metrics-graphite-3.1.2, metrics-statsd-common-4.2.0, metrics3-statsd,
ModifiedPass3bVerifier.java, MongoDB Java Driver,
mongodb-driver-async-3.4.2, mongodb-driver-core-3.4.2, monotime,
mousetrap, MSGpack, multiverse-core-0.7.0,
nebula-dependency-base-plugin, nebula-gradle-interop,
netflix-commons-util-0.1.1, netflix-eventbus-0.1.2, netflix-infix-0.1.2,
netflix-statistics-0.1.1, netty-3.7.0, netty-all-4.1.13,
netty-all-4.1.14, netty-all-4.1.17, netty-all-4.1.8,
netty-buffer-4.1.17, netty-codec, netty-codec-4.1.22,
netty-codec-4.1.25, netty-codec-http-4.1.16, netty-codec-http2-4.1.16,
netty-codec-socks-4.1.16, netty-common, netty-common-4.1.17,
netty-common-4.1.22, netty-common-4.1.25, netty-handler-4.1.17,
netty-handler-proxy-4.1.16, netty-resolver-4.1.17,
netty-tcnative-boringssl-static, netty-tcnative-boringssl-static-2.0.3,
netty-tcnative-boringssl-static-2.0.5,
netty-tcnative-boringssl-static-2.0.7,
netty-tcnative-boringssl-static-2.0.8, netty-transport-4.1.17,
NGClasspath.java (nailgun), ngcomponent 4.1.0, nltk-3.2.4, nltk-3.2.5,
noggit-0.6, oauth-sign, oauth-sign-0.8.2, objenesis-1, objenesis-2.1,
objenesis-2.2, okhttp, OPEN-SANS-FONTFACE, opencensus-api,
opencensus-api-0.10.0, opencensus-api-0.11.0, opencensus-api-0.12.3,
opencensus-api-0.5.1, opencensus-api-0.8.0,
opencensus-contrib-grpc-metrics, opencensus-contrib-grpc-metrics-0.10.0,
opencensus-contrib-grpc-metrics-0.11.0,
opencensus-contrib-grpc-metrics-0.12.3,
opencensus-contrib-grpc-metrics-0.8.0,
org.apache.lucene.util.WeakIdentityMap,
org.codehaus.plexus.compiler.util.scan, org.intellij.lang.annotations,
org.osgi.service.obr, org.restlet-2.3.0, org.restlet.ext.servlet-2.3.0,
os-maven-plugin-1.4.0, os-maven-plugin-1.5.0, osdetector-gradle-plugin,
OSGi Core, osgi.compendium, osgi.core-4.3.1, pack.h, pause-stream,
PhoneNumberOfflineGeocoder.java, phonenumbers, pkg, Plexus Component
Composition, plexus-archiver, plexus-archiver-2.1,
plexus-archiver-2.1.1, plexus-archiver-2.9, plexus-archiver-3.4,
plexus-build-api-0.0.4, plexus-build-api-0.0.7, plexus-cipher-1.4,
plexus-cipher-1.7, plexus-classworlds-2.2.2, plexus-classworlds-2.2.3,
plexus-classworlds-2.4, plexus-classworlds-2.5.2, plexus-compiler,
plexus-compiler-api-2.2, plexus-component-annotations,
plexus-component-annotations-1.5.5, plexus-component-annotations-1.6,
Plexus-Container-Default, plexus-container-default-1.5.5,
plexus-digest-1, plexus-i18n-1.0.beta-7, Plexus-Interpolation,
plexus-interpolation-1.11, plexus-interpolation-1.13,
plexus-interpolation-1.14, plexus-interpolation-1.15,
plexus-interpolation-1.19, plexus-interpolation-1.21,
plexus-interpolation-1.24, plexus-io, plexus-io-2.0.2, plexus-io-2.0.3,
plexus-io-2.0.6, plexus-io-2.4, plexus-io-2.7.1, plexus-java,
plexus-resources, plexus-sec-dispatcher, plexus-sec-dispatcher-1.3,
Plexus-Utils, plexus-utils-1.4.7, plexus-utils-1.5.1,
plexus-utils-1.5.15, plexus-utils-1.5.8, plexus-utils-2.0.5,
plexus-utils-2.0.6, plexus-utils-3, plexus-utils-3.0.10,
plexus-utils-3.0.15, plexus-utils-3.0.17, plexus-utils-3.0.20,
plexus-utils-3.0.22, plexus-utils-3.0.24, plexus-utils-3.0.5,
plexus-utils-3.0.8, plexus-utils-3.0.9, plexus-velocity-1.1.7,
plexus-velocity-1.1.8, plexus-velocity-1.2, PlexusConfiguration.java,
pollen, polyshapeReader, pom file, ports, ports-1.1.0, PowerMock,
powermock-api-mockito-1.6.3, powermock-api-mockito-1.6.4,
powermock-api-support-1.6.3, powermock-api-support-1.6.4,
powermock-core-1.6.3, powermock-core-1.6.4,
powermock-module-junit4-1.6.3, powermock-module-junit4-1.6.4,
powermock-module-junit4-common-1.6.3,
powermock-module-junit4-common-1.6.4, powermock-reflect-1.6.3,
powermock-reflect-1.6.4, prettify.js, Prometheus,
prometheus/client_golang, prometheus/client_model, prometheus/common,
prometheus/procfs, proto-google-common-protos,
proto-google-common-protos-0.1.9, proto-google-common-protos-1.0.0,
protobuf-maven-plugin-0.5.0, protobufjs, protobufjs-protoify-example,
protobufjs-protoify-example-1.0.0, protobufjs-websocket-example,
protobufjs-websocket-example-1.1.0, pymongo 3.7.1, pymongo-3.5.1, pymox,
qdox, qdox-1.12.1, QuartsScheduler, Quartz scheduler, quartz-2.1.6,
R4_2_1.mf, react2angular-3.1.0, ReadTimeoutHandler.java, remedial-1.0.7,
request, request 2.61.0, request-2.81.0, request-2.83.0, request-2.85.0,
Requests v2.7.0, requests-2.18.4, requests.api, retrying.py,
ribbon-core-2.0.0, ribbon-core-2.0.rc9, ribbon-eureka-2.0.0,
ribbon-httpclient-2.0.0, ribbon-httpclient-2.0.rc9,
ribbon-loadbalancer-2.0.0, ribbon-loadbalancer-2.0.rc9,
ribbon-transport, rxjava-1.0.6, rxjava-1.0.8, rxjava-core-0.19.1,
rxnetty-0.4.6, rxnetty-contexts-0.4.6, rxnetty-servo-0.4.6,
s3transfer-0.1.13, securesm-1, servlet-api-2.5, Servlet-api.jar,
servo-core-0.7.4, servo-core-0.7.5, servo-core-0.7.8, servo-core-0.8.0,
servo-csf-2.4.0, servo-graphite-0.7.8, servo-internal, setup.py
(future), Sisu-guice, sisu-guice-2.1.7, sisu-guice-3.1.0,
sisu-guice-3.2.3, sisu-inject-bean-1.4.2, sisu-inject-plexus,
sisu-inject-plexus-1.4.2, SJP.PL, SmartChineseAnalyzer smartcn,
snakeyaml-1.12, snakeyaml-1.15, snappy-0.4, snappy-java-1.0.5, Solr,
solr-solrj-5.5.0, spatial4j-0.5, speakeasy, spice-zapper, Spring, Spring
Framework, spring-aop-4.3.13, spring-beans-4.3.13, Spring-boot,
spring-boot-1.5.9, spring-boot-autoconfigure-1.5.9,
spring-boot-loader-1.5.9.RELEASE, spring-boot-loader-tools-1.5.9,
spring-context-4.3.13, spring-expression-4.3.13,
spring-plugin-core-1.2.0, spring-plugin-metadata-1.2.0,
spring-web-4.3.13, spring-webmvc-4.3.13, springfox-core-2.7.0,
springfox-schema-2.7.0, springfox-spi-2.7.0, springfox-spring-web-2.7.0,
springfox-swagger-common-2.7.0, springfox-swagger-ui-2.7.0,
springfox-swagger2-2.7.0, stax-api-1.0.1, stax-api-1.0.2, Stolon,
struts-core-1.3.8, surefire-api-2.1, surefire-api-2.18.1,
surefire-api-2.19.1, surefire-api-2.2, surefire-booter-2.1,
surefire-booter-2.12, surefire-booter-2.12.4, surefire-booter-2.18.1,
surefire-booter-2.19.1, surefire-booter-2.2, surefire-junit47-2.18.1,
surefire-logger-api-2.2, swagger-annotations-1.5.0,
swagger-annotations-1.5.13, swagger-models-1.5.13, Synytax.java Jabber
Open Source License, t-digest-3.1, task-tree, tensorflow,
tensorflow-1.3.0, tensorflow-1.7.0, tensorflow-models weights,
testng-6.14.3, testng-6.8.21, TeX-AMS_SVG.js, thrift-maven-plugin,
tmatesoft, Togglz, tokenize.py, tomcat-annotations-api-8.5.23,
tomcat-embed-core-8.5.28, tree, tunnel-agent, tunnel-agent-0.4.3,
tunnel-agent-0.6.0, uimaj-core-2.6.0, upload.py, validation-api-1.0.0,
validation-api-1.1.0, Vendor/Packaging files (setuptools),
wagon-gitsite, wagon-provider-api-1.0.alpha-6,
wagon-provider-api-1.0.beta-6, wagon-provider-api-2,
wagon-provider-api-2.1, wagon-ssh, wagon-ssh-2,
WeakIdentityHashMap.java, Weld, wink-common-1.4, wink-json4j-1.4,
woodstox-core-asl-4.4.1, xbean-bundleutils-3.11.1, xbean-finder-3.11.1,
xbean-reflect-3.4, xercesImpl-2.8.0, xercesImpl-2.8.1, xercesImpl-2.9.1,
xml-apis-1.0.b2, xml-apis-1.3.03, xml-apis-1.3.04, zkclient-0.3, zkperl,
Zookeeper, zookeeper-3.4.8
@kubernetes/client-node -0.5.2, aggs-matrix-stats, asm, aws-sign2
-0.7.0, Base64Coder, bazel-gazelle, btree, cadvisor, caseless -0.12.0,
Cobra, Commons-Codec, Commons-Logging, compiler, core, coreos/etcd,
csharp/utilities/Atomiclong.cs, elasticsearch,
elasticsearch-rest-client, Erlang, etcd, excanvas.js, Fastutil,
forever-agent -0.6.1, futures, genproto, Glog, Go-openapi, go-semver,
gofuzz, golang-protobug_extensions, google-diff-match-patch, Groovy,
groupcache, grpc, Heketi REST API, hppc, httpasyncclient, HttpClient,
HttpCore, ingest-common, Jackson-Core, jackson-dataformat-cbor,
Jackson-Dataformat-smile, Jackson-Dataformat-yaml, java-version-checker,
JNA, JODA-TIME, k8s.io, Koloboke, kubectl, kubernetes, leadership,
libjs-excanvas, Libkv, libressl, log4j-1.2-api, log4j-api, log4j-core,
long -4.0.0, Lucene, Lucene-solr, mousetrap, Netty, node-jose -1.0.0,
oauth-sign -0.8.2, oauth-sign -0.9.0, peer-finder, pollen,
PolyUtil.java, prettify.js, Profile.py, Prometheus, pstats.py,
python-subunit-0.0.16/filters/subunit-1to2, qrcode-terminal -0.12.0,
rabbitmq-server-ha.ocf, redis-ha, request -2.87.0, request -2.88.0,
securesm, snakeyaml, spatial4j, spdx-correct -3.0.0, Stolon, t-digest,
tunnel-agent -0.6.0, validate-npm-package-license -3.0.4, websocket,
websocket -1.0.26, yaml.v2, JETTY-IO-9.2.10.V20150310, PLEXUS-JAVA-0.9.10, SERVO-GRAPHITE-0.7.8,
HADOOP-COMMON, LOG4J-API, PLEXUS-INTERPOLATION, EUREKA-CLIENT-1.1.151,
OS-MAVEN-PLUGIN-1.6.1, COMMONS-CHAIN-1.1,
MAVEN-REPOSITORY-METADATA-2.0.6, MONGODB-DRIVER-CORE-3.4.2,
LOG4J-CORE-2.7, PLEXUS-UTILS-1.5.8, LOG4J-CORE-2.8, MAVEN-SHARED-IO,
JAVAX/INJECT, GUICE-ASSISTEDINJECT-4, DOXIA-DECORATION-MODEL-1,
HIBERNATE-VALIDATOR-4.1.0, UTEST [OpenBLAS], RETRYING-1.3.3,
GOVERNATOR-1.2.10, ZOOKEEPER, MAVEN-SUREFIRE-COMMON, JODA-TIME,
AWS-JAVA-SDK-KMS-1.11.5, MAVEN-PLUGIN-API-2.0.11, DOXIA-MODULE-FML,
CURATOR-RECIPES-2.12.0, MAVEN-RESOURCES-PLUGIN-2.6,
MAVEN-RESOURCES-PLUGIN-2.7, ENFORCER-RULES, OKIO,
AWS-JAVA-SDK-KMS-1.11.220, MAVEN-FILTERING, HTTPCORE, XBEAN-REFLECT,
CURATOR-CLIENT-2.12.0, PRETTIFY [Lucene-core], LUCENE,
WOODSTOX-CORE-ASL-4.4.1, RXNETTY-CONTEXTS-0.4.6, COMMONS-CODEC,
KAFKA_2.9.2, JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-YAML, GRPC-JAVA,
MAVEN-REPORTING-IMPL-2.0.5, MAVEN-DEPENDENCY-ANALYZER, MAVEN-ARTIFACT,
JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-CBOR-2.8.1, AWS-JAVA-SDK-CORE-1.11.5, LOG4J-CORE-2.3,
@CARBON/ICONS-REACT-0.0.1-ALPHA.26, HLL-1.6.0,
SWAGGER-ANNOTATIONS-1.5.13, DOXIA-MODULE-XHTML,
GERONIMO-ANNOTATION_1.1_SPEC-1, PLEXUS-BUILD-API, MAVEN-SETTINGS,
SUREFIRE-API-2.22.1, FASTUTIL-6.5.11, WINK-COMMON-1.4,
LUCENE-SANDBOX-5.5.2, SNAKEYAML-1.17, COMMONS-COMPRESS-1.8,
MAVEN-SUREFIRE-COMMON-2.22.1, JACKSON-JAXRS-BASE, NLTK-3.2.4,
LOG4J-JCL-2.8.1, SWAGGER-MODELS-1.5.13, XBEAN-BUNDLEUTILS,
LISTENABLEFUTURE-9999, HARMONY [Netty], PRETTIFY.JS [jacoco.report],
SISU-INJECT-PLEXUS, OKIO-1.6.0, COMMONS-MATH-2.2, BCEL [OpenJDK], APACHE
COMMONS LANG [Netty], AETHER-IMPL, MAVEN-REPORTING-API,
HDRHISTOGRAM-METRICS-RESERVOIR, OPENCENSUS-CONTRIB-GRPC-METRICS-0.11.0,
GRPC-CORE-1.6.1, MAVEN-SHARED-UTILS, COMMONS-CSV, GRPC-CORE-1.11.0,
DOXIA-LOGGING-API, MAVEN-SETTINGS-BUILDER-3.2.5, COMMONS-CODEC-1.6,
LOG4J-1.2-API, SPRING-BOOT-AUTOCONFIGURE, CLIENT-JAVA-API,
COMMONS-CODEC-1.3, COMMONS-CODEC-1.2, COMMONS-CODEC-1.1,
JETTY-XML-9.2.13.V20150730, PLEXUS-COMPILER-MANAGER,
VALIDATE-NPM-PACKAGE-LICENSE-3.0.4, SPRING-AOP-3.2.4,
VALIDATE-NPM-PACKAGE-LICENSE-3.0.3, MAVEN-DEPENDENCY-PLUGIN,
MAVEN-JAR-PLUGIN, SERVO-CSF-2.4.0, XERCESIMPL, JACKSON-CORE-2.9.8,
XML-APIS-1.3.03, COMMONS-FILEUPLOAD, JODK [Lucene-core],
PLEXUS-VELOCITY-1.1.7, METRICS-GRAPHITE-3.1.2, SNAPPY-JAVA,
MAVEN-SUREFIRE-PLUGIN-2.12.4, AWS-JAVA-SDK-CORE-1.11.220, HADOOP-HDFS,
GRADLE-WRAPPER-3.4, SUREFIRE-LOGGER-API-2.22.1, AUDIENCE-ANNOTATIONS,
GERONIMO-JAXRS_1.1_SPEC-1, MAVEN-PROJECT, COMMONS-MATH3-3.6.1,
MAVEN-JAVADOC-PLUGIN-3.0.1, PLEXUS-COMPILER-JAVAC, RX-LITE-3.1.2,
PACKAGING, GUICE-GRAPHER, IO.KUBERNETES.CLIENT.UTIL, NOGGIT-0.6,
SECURESM-1, MAPSTRUCT-1.1.0, INTERPOLATION, PLEXUS-IO-2.0.6,
PLEXUS-CIPHER, ZOOKEEPER-3.4.13, COMMONS-VALIDATOR-1.2.0,
JACKSON-CORE-2.8.6, HPPC-0.7.1, FAILUREACCESS-1.0.1, HTTPCLIENT,
OPENCENSUS-API-0.11.0, COMMONS-IO-2.2, OKHTTP-2.7.5, COMMONS-IO-2.1,
MAVEN-ENFORCER-PLUGIN, RIBBON-LOADBALANCER-2.0.0, PLEXUS-RESOURCES,
COMMONS-LANG, COMMONS-IO-2.6, MAVEN-REPORTING-API-2.0.6,
MAVEN-SETTINGS-2.0.11, MONGODB-DRIVER, TOGGLZ-CORE,
JACKSON-MODULE-JAXB-ANNOTATIONS, SUREFIRE-TESTNG, COMPRESS-LZF-1.0.2,
JNR-X86ASM-1.0.2, SPRINGFOX-SWAGGER2-2.7.0, JACKSON-DATABIND-2.9.8,
HTTPCLIENT-4.4, SNAPPY, SUREFIRE-BOOTER-2.12.4, DOXIA-SINK-API,
LOGGING-INTERCEPTOR-2.7.5, FONT-ROBOTO [tensorboard],
KUBERNETES-MODEL-1.1.0, MAVEN-PROJECT-2.0.6, MAVEN-SETTINGS-3.2.5,
JACKSON-CORE-ASL, COMMONS-LOGGING-API, NETFLIX-EVENTBUS, AETHER-SPI,
COMMONS-CLI-1, VELOCITY-1.5, MAVEN-AETHER-PROVIDER,
JETTY-JMX-9.2.10.V20150310, DOXIA-DECORATION-MODEL, JQUERY MAVEN
ARTIFACT PLUGIN, SPRING-CORE, DOXIA-INTEGRATION-TOOLS, TENSORFLOW-HUB,
SJP.PL [Lucene-core], JETTY-IO-9.2.13.V20150730, HADOOP-ANNOTATIONS,
MAVEN-REPORTING-IMPL, XML PULL PARSER, HIBERNATE-VALIDATOR-5.4.2,
HTTPMIME-4.5.1, QDOX-1.12.1, SPRING-EXPRESSION-4.3.13, XERCES-J
[OpenJDK], COMMONS-LANG3-3.8.1, DOXIA-SINK-API-1.0.ALPHA,
ELASTICSEARCH-2.4.4, SOLR-SOLRJ-5.5.0, COMMONS-BEANUTILS,
MAVEN-SHARED-UTILS-3.2.1, ANNOTATIONS-API-8.5.23, MAVEN-MODEL-BUILDER,
BEFORE-AFTER-HOOK, MAVEN-PLUGIN-REGISTRY-2.0.6, PLEXUS-UTILS,
JCL-OVER-SLF4J-1.7.7, RIBBON-HTTPCLIENT-2.0.RC9,
MAVEN-REPOSITORY-METADATA-3.2.5, MAVEN-SUREFIRE-PLUGIN-2.19.1,
AWS-JAVA-SDK-S3-1.11.220, SERVLET-API, MAVEN-REPORTING-API-2.2.1,
METRICS-CORE, SPRING-SECURITY-TAGLIBS-3.1.4, VALIDATION-API, JEST-2.0.3,
AETHER-API, SPRING-SECURITY-CONFIG-3.1.4, KUBERNETES-CLIENT-2.5.6,
LOG4J-SLF4J-IMPL, MONGODB-DRIVER-CORE-3.6.1, SPRINGFOX-CORE-2.7.0,
RIBBON-EUREKA, SMARTCHINESEANALYZER SMARTCN [Lucene-core],
SPRING-BEANS-4.3.13, JACKSON-ANNOTATIONS-2.8.0, NETTY-CODEC-4.1.17,
PLEXUS-ARCHIVER-2.9, SPRINGFOX-SCHEMA-2.7.0, XBEAN-FINDER, DERBY
[OpenJDK], JNR-CONSTANTS-0.9.0, COMMONS-LOGGING, REQUESTS-2.18.4,
MONGODB-DRIVER-ASYNC-3.4.2, LUCENE-CORE, SPRINGFOX-SWAGGER-UI-2.7.0,
WAGON-PROVIDER-API, AXIOS-RETRY-3.1.2, SPRING-BEANS-3.2.4,
GOOG.BOOTSTRAP [tensorboard], NETTY-CODEC-4.1.22, ORG.RESTLET-2.3.0,
RXNETTY-0.4.6, MAVEN-CHECKSTYLE-PLUGIN, SPRING-AOP-4.3.13,
MAVEN-PROFILE-2.0.11, JACKSON-JAXRS-JSON-PROVIDER,
SPRING-SECURITY-ACL-3.1.4, LOG4J-JCL, MAVEN-JAVADOC-PLUGIN-2.10.2,
WINK-JSON4J, ANT-1.8.2, GUAVA-27.0.1, GRPC-CORE, DOCTRINE-2.0.0,
NETTY-CODEC-4.1.33, PLEXUS-ARCHIVER1, JCL-OVER-SLF4J-1.7.25,
PLEXUS-DIGEST-, GOOGLE-COLLECTIONS, JAVASSIST-3.18.1,
DOXIA-SITE-RENDERER, ERROR_PRONE_ANNOTATIONS-2.2.0, NETTY-CODEC-4.1.30,
MAVEN-TOOLCHAIN, MAVEN-SHARED-UTILS-3.0.1, PYMONGO, ANT,
JACKSON-DATABIND-2.8.6, JACKSON-JAXRS, SPRING-SECURITY-WEB-3.1.4, AN
UNKNOWN ORGANIZATION [Maven-plugin-api], OKHTTP-3.8.0,
OPENCENSUS-CONTRIB-GRPC-METRICS, OBJENESIS, JCL-OVER-SLF4J-1.5.6,
SUREFIRE-GROUPER, NETFLIX-COMMONS-UTIL, ZOOKEEPER-3.4.8,
PLEXUS-CLASSWORLDS, CLIENT-JAVA-PROTO, BYTE-BUDDY-1.6.14,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-REGISTRY, MAVEN-PROFILE-2.0.6, MAVEN-ANTRUN-PLUGIN-1.7,
HTTPCORE-NIO-4.4.10, SPRING-WEBMVC-4.3.13, STRUTS-TAGLIB,
MAVEN-SETTINGS-2.0.6, CASSANDRA-DRIVER-CORE-3.1.0, LUCENE-SPATIAL3D,
DISTRO-1.0.1, OPENCENSUS-API-0.5.1, EXEC-MAVEN-PLUGIN,
MAVEN-COMMON-ARTIFACT-FILTERS-1.3,
OPENCENSUS-CONTRIB-GRPC-METRICS-0.17.0, LOG4J-CORE, COMMONS LANG
[Netty], COMMONS-POOL2-2.6.0, PLEXUS-CLASSWORLDS-2.2.2,
MAVEN-ARTIFACT-MANAGER-2.0.11, STRUTS-TILES, MAVEN-DEPENDENCY-TREE,
RX-LITE, COMMONS-MATH3, T-DIGEST-3.1, TENSORBOARD, GUAVA-18, BSON-3.6.1,
SISU-INJECT-BEAN, MAVEN-INSTALL-PLUGIN, OKHTTP-WS,
COMMONS-BEANUTILS-1.7.0, SPRING-CONTEXT-3.2.4, SUREFIRE-API,
CURATOR-FRAMEWORK, GENEREX, SERVO-INTERNAL,
MAVEN-ERROR-DIAGNOSTICS-2.0.6, LOG4J-CORE-2.8.1, COMMON-JAVA5,
HTTPCLIENT-4.2.3, MAVEN-COMPILER-PLUGIN, JACKSON-DATATYPE-JODA-2.8.10,
SPRING-WEB-4.3.13, NETFLIX-STATISTICS, MAVEN-SHARED-UTILS-0.6,
COMMONS-LOGGING-1.0.4, MAVEN-SHARED-UTILS-0.3, METRICS-CORE-3.1.2,
MAVEN-REPOSITORY-METADATA-2.0.11, PLEXUS-DIGEST, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-3.0.5,
COMMONS-JXPATH-1.3, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-3.0.3, PLEXUS-INTERPOLATION-1.1,
SPRING-PLUGIN-CORE-1.2.0, OAUTH-SIGN-0.9.0, JAVAX.INJECT-1-1,
ERROR_PRONE_ANNOTATIONS, MAVEN-SOURCE-PLUGIN, SPRING-WEB-3.2.4,
ZJSONPATCH, PROTOBUF-MAVEN-PLUGIN, BASE64CODER.JAVA, ABSL-PY,
CURATOR-RECIPES, MAVEN-PLUGIN-ANNOTATIONS, SPDX-CORRECT-3.0.0,
CACHECONTROL, COMMONS-COMPRESS-1.16.1, OS-MAVEN-PLUGIN,
DOXIA-MODULE-XDOC, LUCENE-QUERIES-5.5.2, GUAVA-14.0.1, MAVEN-CORE,
CLASSMATE-1.3.4, MAVEN-PLUGIN-API, MAVEN-CORE-2.0.6, QDOX-2.0.M8,
COMMONS-LANG3-3.7, HTTPCLIENT-4.5.6, JACKSON-XC, COMMONS-LANG-2.4,
JCTOOLS [Netty], JETTISON, LIBTHRIFT-0.9.3,
LUCENE-ANALYZERS-COMMON-5.5.2, PLEXUS-COMPILER-API, COMMONS-LANG-2.1,
JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-SMILE, ZKCLIENT, COMMONS-POOL2-2.4.2,
COMMONS-POOL2-2.4.3, AETHER-UTIL, CASSANDRA-DRIVER-EXTRAS,
MAVEN-MONITOR-2.0.6, LOG4J-1.2.12, LOG4J-1.2.14, SPRINGFOX-SPI-2.7.0,
SPRING-PLUGIN-METADATA-1.2.0, MAVEN-REPORTING-IMPL-2.3,
JBOSS-LOGGING-3.3.1, SERVO-INTERNAL-0.7.8, RIBBON-CORE, BSON-3.4.2,
CLIENT-JAVA-2.0.0, LUCENE-SUGGEST-5.5.2, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-MANAGER-2.0.6,
SPRING-TX-3.0.7, COMMONS-CONFIGURATION, COMMONS-IO-1.4,
GENERICENTITY.JAVA, JACKSON-ANNOTATIONS, ANT-LAUNCHER,
REDIS.CLIENTS.UTIL, CLASSWORLDS, SUREFIRE-BOOTER-2.22.1, SPATIAL4J-0.5,
CURATOR-CLIENT, JFFI, VALIDATION-API-1.1.0, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-3.1.0, COMMON
[guava], LISTENABLEFUTURE, MOZILLA_BLEACH [tensorboard],
SPRINGFOX-SPRING-WEB-2.7.0, RIBBON-TRANSPORT-2.0.0, NETTY, LOG4J,
PLEXUS-COMPILER-API-, SPATIAL4J, PLEXUS-BUILD-API-0.0.7, MAVEN-MODEL,
PLEXUS-I18N, FILTERS [plexus-archiver], NETTY-COMMON-4.1.17,
COMMONS-EXEC, SERVO-CORE-0.8.0, MAVEN-ERROR-DIAGNOSTICS,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-DESCRIPTOR-2.0.6, CLASSWORLDS-1.1.ALPHA, PLEXUS-ARCHIVER,
ORO-, SPRING-JDBC-3.0.7, MAVEN-SHARED-INCREMENTAL, GUAVA, SNAKEYAML,
AWS-JAVA-SDK-S3-1.11.5, JETTY-ALL, LUCENE-QUERYPARSER-5.5.2,
MAVEN-ARTIFACT-MANAGER, CYTHON, XML-APIS, RIBBON-HTTPCLIENT-2.0.0,
MAVEN-SETTINGS-BUILDER, J2OBJC-ANNOTATIONS,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-PARAMETER-DOCUMENTER-2.0.6, NETTY-COMMON-4.1.22,
SISU-GUICE, COMPRESS LZF, OKHTTP [grpc-java], SERVO-CORE-0.7.8,
COMMONS-DIGESTER-1.6, RXJAVA-1.0.8, COMMONS-POOL2,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-REGISTRY-2.0.11, NETTY-TCNATIVE-BORINGSSL-STATIC-2.0.17,
SERVLET-API.JAR [Lucene-core], NETTY-COMMON-4.1.33, MAVEN-MONITOR,
NETTY-TCNATIVE-BORINGSSL-STATIC-2.0.20, NETTY-COMMON-4.1.30,
COMMONS-VALIDATOR-1.3.1, MAVEN-INVOKER-2.0.9, SPRING-CONTEXT-4.3.13,
NETTY-ALL-4.1.14, VELOCITY-TOOLS-2, GUICE, HTTPASYNCCLIENT-4.1.4,
HTTPASYNCCLIENT-4.1.1, ANT-LAUNCHER-1.8.2, WAGON-PROVIDER-API-1.0.ALPHA,
JEST-COMMON-2.0.3, XALAN-JAVA [OpenJDK], ARCHAIUS-CORE-0.6.3, BOOTSTRAP,
JODA-TIME-2.9.5, JETTISON-1.3.7, TENSORFLOW, HTRACE-CORE-3.0.4,
PLEXUS-IO, ETCD-JAVA-0.0.7, ETCD-JAVA-0.0.9, PLEXUS-VELOCITY,
HTTPCORE-NIO-4.4.4, GRPC.NETTY [grpc-java], PLEXUS-I18N-1.0.BETA,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-API-3.0.5, NETTY-TCNATIVE-BORINGSSL-STATIC-2.0.5,
LOGGING-INTERCEPTOR, PLEXUS-CONTAINER-DEFAULT, MAVEN-PROJECT-2.0.11,
MAVEN-SUREFIRE-PLUGIN-2.22.1, RX-2.5.3, JDEB, HPACK [Netty],
NETTY-BUFFER-4.1.30, SPDX-CORRECT,
NETTY-TCNATIVE-BORINGSSL-STATIC-2.0.7, MAVEN-PROFILE,
METRICS3-STATSD-4.2.0, SPRING-EXPRESSION-3.2.4, CDI-API,
EXECMOJOTEST.JAVA [exec-maven-plugin], MAVEN-MODEL-2.0.11,
METRICS-STATSD-COMMON-4.2.0, COMMONS-CLI, TOMCAT-EMBED-CORE-8.5.28,
ORG.RESTLET.EXT.SERVLET, CURATOR-TEST, METRICS-LOG4J2,
OPENCENSUS-API-0.17.0, MAVEN-ARCHIVER, MAVEN-INVOKER-3.0.0,
MAVEN-MODEL-3.0.3, DOXIA-MODULE-APT, MAVEN-MODEL-3.0.5, COMMONS-IO,
CARBON-ICONS-7.0.7, SUREFIRE-BOOTER, MAVEN-PLUGIN-ANNOTATIONS-3.5.2,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-DESCRIPTOR, APACHE HARMONY [Netty], PLEXUS-SEC-DISPATCHER,
FILE-MANAGEMENT, GUICE-SERVLET, PLEXUS-IO-2.4, GUICE-MULTIBINDINGS-4,
PLEXUS-COMPONENT-ANNOTATIONS, RXNETTY-SERVO-0.4.6, COMMONS-COLLECTIONS,
JACKSON-MAPPER-ASL, XML-RESOLVER [OpenJDK],
SPRINGFOX-SWAGGER-COMMON-2.7.0, MAVEN-REPOSITORY-METADATA,
MAVEN-PLUGIN-PARAMETER-DOCUMENTER, MAVEN-DOXIA-TOOLS-1.0.2,
MAVEN-MODEL-BUILDER-3.2.5, SPRING-BOOT-1.5.9, DOXIA-CORE,
THRIFT-MAVEN-PLUGIN, @CARBON/ICON-HELPERS-0.0.1-ALPHA.26,
MAVEN-COMMON-ARTIFACT-FILTERS, MAVEN-MODEL-3.1.0, HADOOP-AUTH-2.6.0,
ENFORCER-API, JAKARTA-REGEX [OpenJDK], HYSTRIX-CORE-1.4.4, QUARTZ-2.1.6,
WEAKIDENTITYMAP [Lucene-core], JNR-FFI-2.0.7, HTTPCLIENT-4.0.2,
ASM-6.1.1, OPENCENSUS-API, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-2.0.6, LOG4J-JUL,
STRUTS-CORE-1.3.8, COMMONS-HTTPCLIENT, MAVEN-ARTIFACT-2.0.9,
@CARBON/COLORS-0.0.1-ALPHA.2, NETFLIX-INFIX, ZKPERL [Zookeeper],
MAVEN-INVOKER, GRPCIO-TOOLS, CARBON-ADDONS-CLOUD-REACT-1.3.2,
IO.GRPC.NETTY [grpc-java], MAVEN-PLUGIN-API-2.0.6, APACHE MAVEN DOXIA,
JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-YAML-2.7.7, APACHE MAVEN, COMMONS-COMPRESS, GRPCIO,
GSON, CARBON-ICONS-6.3.2 ,KUBERNETES, PRETTIFY.JS [Jopt-simple], 
COBRA [Stolon], SECURESM, BAZEL-GAZELLE [kubernetes], STOLON, LIBRESSL, 
POLYUTIL.JAVA [spatial4j], LOG4J-API, LIBKV [Stolon], ELASTICSEARCH, 
FASTUTIL [hppc], COMMONS-LOGGING, BTREE [Stolon], GENPROTO [Stolon], 
JNA, LOG4J-CORE, T-DIGEST, JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-SMILE, LOG4J-1.2-API, 
JODA-TIME, GO-OPENAPI [Stolon], YAML.V2 [kubernetes], HTTPASYNCCLIENT, 
GRPC [Stolon], CORE [log4j-core], GROOVY, HEKETI REST API [kubernetes],
JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-CBOR, REDIS-HA, GOFUZZ [Stolon], KUBECTL
[kubernetes], PEER-FINDER, HTTPCORE, GROUPCACHE [Stolon],
GOLANG-PROTOBUG_EXTENSIONS [Stolon], POLLEN [Stolon], LUCENE [hppc],
AGGS-MATRIX-STATS, JACKSON-CORE, KOLOBOKE [hppc], MINIO, HPPC, GLOG
[Stolon], GO-SEMVER [Stolon], K8S.IO [Stolon], COMMONS-CODEC, MOUSETRAP
[Stolon], JACKSON-DATAFORMAT-YAML, LEADERSHIP [Stolon], CADVISOR
[kubernetes], ELASTICSEARCH-REST-CLIENT, PROMETHEUS [Stolon], COMPILER,
BASE64CODER [snakeyaml], NETTY, SPATIAL4J, COREOS/ETCD [Stolon],
CSHARP/UTILITIES/ATOMICLONG.CS [HdrHistogram], JAVA-VERSION-CHECKER, ASM
[libssl], INGEST-COMMON, LUCENE-SOLR, HTTPCLIENT, SNAKEYAML, PUNKT


Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.

   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
   exercising permissions granted by this License.

   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation
   source, and configuration files.

   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
   and conversions to other media types.

   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
   as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
   meet the following conditions:

   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
       stating that You changed the files; and

   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
       the Derivative Works; and

   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
       as modifying the License.

   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
   the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

END OF APACHE LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ARTISTIC LICENSE 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Artistic License (source code available via the indicated URL):

NPM-LIFECYCLE 
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm-lifecycle/-/npm-lifecycle-3.1.3.tgz), 
GENTLE-FS (http://registry.npmjs.org/gentle-fs/-/gentle-fs-2.2.1.tgz), 
NPM [NodeJS] (https://nodejs.org/dist/v8.16.1), BIN-LINKS 
(http://registry.npmjs.org/bin-links/-/bin-links-1.1.3.tgz), 
Unidecodes (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/nltk/)
FILE-TEMP (https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/v2.4.4)



END OF ARTISTIC LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BOOST LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Boost Software License:

AX_BOOST_BASE [Thrift], Cephes Math Library Release 2.8, 
GNU scientific library, lanczos, enable_shared_from_this.hpp, 
offset_ptr.hpp, shared_count.hpp, shared_ptr.hpp, weak_ptr.hp

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or 
organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying 
documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, 
reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and 
to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties 
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the 
following: 

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, 
including the above license grant, this restriction and the following 
disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or 
in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or 
derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object 
code generated by a source language processor. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE 
DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE. 

END OF BOOST LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the BSD License:

SLICING-BY-8 CRC CALCULATION [tensorflow] (Copyright 2008,2009,2010
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. All rights reserved), LIBXSMM
[tensorflow] (No copyright found), MARKUPSAFE [NodeJS] (copyright: (c)
2010 by Armin Ronacher), PYASN1-MODULES (Ilya Etingof
<etingof@gmail.com>), SMARTYPANTS.PY [Markdown] (Copyright (c) 2004,
2007 Chad Miller), HAMCREST-ALL ( Copyright (c) 2000-2006, Hamcrest  All
rights reserved. ), LEGAL FILE (JLINE-0.9.94.LICENSE.TXT ) [Zookeeper]
(Copyright (c) 2002-2006, Marc Prud'hommeaux <mwp1@cornell.edu> All
rights reserved.), CORE.JS [jQuery] (none), WERKZEUG (Copyright (c) 2014
by the Werkzeug Team), CAFFE [tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2014, The
Regents of the University of California (Regents) All rights reserved
Copyright (c) 2014, the respective contributors All rights reserved),
LZF_D.C [h5py] (Copyright (c) 2000-2008 Marc Alexander Lehmann), PNG
[tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), SNAPPY [confluent-kafka-python]
(Copyright 2011 Intel Corporation All Rights Reserved),
ORG.ABEGO.TREELAYOUT.CORE (no copyright), INVARIANT (Copyright
2014-2015, Facebook, Inc.),
USINGINTELMKL.DOX/COMPLEXSCHUR_MKL.H/PARDISOSUPPORT.H/LLT_MKL.H
[tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation. All rights
reserved.), EXAMPLES [tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2017, All rights
reserved.), LEGAL FILE ( STDINT.H) [Zookeeper] (Copyright (c) 2006-2008
Alexander Chemeris), NGRAPH [tensorflow] (Bo copyright found),
CMLL-X86.PL [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2008 Andy Polyakov), KAFKA
[tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), IDNA [Pip] (Copyright (c) 2013-2018,
Kim Davies. All rights reserved.), INTL-RELATIVEFORMAT (Copyright 2014
Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) 2012 Andreas Lind Petersen), TOUGH-COOKIE
(Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), WEBSOCKET07FRAMEDECODER.JAVA
(Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes and contributors. All rights reserved.),
ARM_NEON_2_X86_SSE [tensorflow] (No copyright found), REACT-INTL
(Copyright 2014 Yahoo Inc.), BSON-STDINT-WIN32.H [pymongo] (Copyright
(c) 2006-2013 Alexander Chemeris), IPY_COMPLETER.PY [h5py] (Copyright
(C) 2009 Darren Dale), PY4J (Copyright (c) 2009-2016, Barthelemy
Dagenais and individual contributors. All rights reserved.), PYASN1
(Ilya Etingof), NSYNC [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), PROTOCOL
BUFFERS [Netty] (Copyright 2013 Google Inc.), PCRE [tensorflow] (No
copyright found), NPM-USER-VALIDATE (Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski),
SMARTYPANTS [Markdown] (Copyright (c) 2003 John Gruber), JLINE [common]
(Copyright (c) 2002-2006, Marc Prud'hommeaux), MARKDOWN [Marked]
(Manfred Stienstra; Yuri takhteyev and Waylan limberg), LIBEVENT
[TensorFlow Serving] (No copyright Statement), RE2 [tensorflow]
(Copyright (c) 2005-2014 Eugene Lazutkin.Copyright (c) 2009 The RE2
Authors. All rights reserved.), NODE-PRE-GYP (Copyright (c) Mapbox),
PYTABLES [h5py] (Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2004 Francesc Altet Copyright
(c) 2005, 2006, 2007 Carabos Coop. V.), IS-CIDR (Copyright (c)
silverwind), LINENOISE [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), LZ4
[tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2011-2016, Yann Collet All rights
reserved.), PARSE-JS [jQuery] (Copyright 2010 (c) Mihai Bazon), ASTOR
[tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2012, Patrick Maupin Copyright (c) 2013,
Berker Peksag Copyright (c) 2008, Armin Ronacher), HADOOP.UTIL.BLOOM
[tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2005, European Commission project OneLab
under contract All rights reserved.), REACTROUTERNATIVE (Copyright (c)
2015-present, Facebook, Inc), LIBRDKAFKA [confluent-kafka-python]
(Copyright (c) 2012, Magnus Edenhill All rights reserved.), STRONGTALK
[NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 1994-2006 Sun Microsystems Inc. All Rights
Reserved.), ASM (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom),
MISSISSIPPI (No Copyright Statement), NASM [tensorflow] (No Copyright
Found), NLOHMANN_JSON [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), PROTOBUF
(Copyright 2008 Google Inc.  All rights reserved.), INTL-MESSAGEFORMAT
(Copyright 2013 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) 2012 Andreas Lind Petersen),
PROTOBUFJS (Copyright (c) 2016 Daniel Wirtz All rights
reserved.Copyright 2014 Google Inc. All rights reserved.Copyright (c)
2016 Daniel Wirtz All rights reserved.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2014 KARASZI
IstvâˆšÂ°nCopyright (c) 2016 Chad Engler), V8 [NodeJS] (Copyright 2014, the
V8 project authors. Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights
reserved.), ARABICSTEMMER (No Copyright Statement), GAST (Copyright (c)
2016, Serge Guelton), MKL [tensorflow] (No Copyright found),
PROTOBUF-JAVA (Copyright 2008 Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
OAUTHLIB (copyright: (c) 2019 by The OAuthlib Community), LZF [h5py]
(Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Andrew Collette), CIDR-REGEX (Copyright (c)
silverwind), CMD-SHIM (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author")),
NPM-INSTALL-CHECKS (Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski and Isaac Z.
Schlueter), HOIST-NON-REACT-STATICS (Copyright (c) 2015 Yahoo! Inc. All
rights reserved.), H5PY (Copyright (c) 2008 Andrew Collette and
contributors), PROTOBUF-JAVA-UTIL (Copyright 2008 Google Inc), ONIGURUMA
(Copyright (c) 2002-2015 K.Kosako ), INTL-FORMAT-CACHE (Copyright 2014
Yahoo! Inc.), INSPECTOR_PROTOCOL [NodeJS] (Copyright 2016 The Chromium
Authors. All rights reserved.), JINJA2 [NodeJS] (copyright: (c) 2010 by
the Jinja Team), LIBLZF [h5py] (no copyright), NVIDIA NCCL [tensorflow]
(No copyright Found), SIDEBAR.JS [pymongo] (Copyright 2007-2011 by the
Sphinx team), LIBLINEAR-JAVA (Copyright (c) 2007-2013 The LIBLINEAR
Project. All rights reserved.), XZ FOR JAVA [Avro] (No cpoyright
statement found), GYP [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All
rights reserved.), LEGAL FILE (HASHTABLE) [Zookeeper] (Copyright (c)
2002, 2004, Christopher Clark All rights reserved.), QUEUE.H
[confluent-kafka-python] (Copyright (c) 1991, 1993 The Regents of the
University of California. All rights reserved.),
INTL-MESSAGEFORMAT-PARSER (Copyright 2014 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright 2014 Alex
Sexton), COMMON (Copyright 2017, OnGres.), CLIENT (no copyright), VTUNE
[NodeJS] (Copyright(c) 2005-2012 Intel Corporation. All rights
reserved.), GETOPT.C [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 1987-2001 The Regents of
the University of California. All rights reserved), TRANSFORMFN
(Copyright 2013-2015, Facebook, Inc.), WEB ENCODING [Pip] (Not
Required), IPYTHON [Cython] (Copyright (C) 2010-2011, IPython
Development Team.), DECORATOR.PY [prometheus_client] (Copyright (c)
2005-2016, Michele Simionato,All rights reserved), PARANAMER (Copyright
(c) 2006 Paul Hammant & ThoughtWorks Inc), ZLIB [tensorflow] (No
Copyright Found), BERKELEY [tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 1994 The Regents
of the University of California. All rights reserved.), DOTENV
(Copyright (c) 2015 Scott Motte), COLORAMA [Pip] (Not Required), WEBBIT
[Netty] (Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes, Aslak HellesÃƒÂ¸y and
contributors),
METIS_SUPPORT.CPP/SPARSELU.CPP/MPREAL/MPREAL.H/ITERATIONCONTROLLER.H
[tensorflow] (No Copyright found), STDINT.H [h5py] (Copyright (c)
2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris), 
.travis.yml (pyserial) (Copyright Roger Meier <r.meier@siemens.com>),
/lucene/analysis/en KStem (Copyright (c) 2003, Center for Intelligent
Information Retrieval, University of Massachusetts, Amherst.),
\lucene\analysis\snowball (Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter
Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton), _graph_tools.pyx ((C) 2012), A
JavaScript implementation of the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message
Digest Algorithm, as defined in RFC 1321. Version 2.2 (Copyright (C)
Paul Johnston 1999 - 2009 Other contributors: Greg Holt, Andrew Kepert,
Ydnar, Lostinet), a_bitstr.c (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights), all-in-one (Copyright 2007-2011 by the
Sphinx team), aniso8601-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2018, Brandon Nielsen All
rights reserved.), ansitowin32.py (Copyright Jonathan Hartley 2013.),
ANTLR (Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr and Sam Harwell All rights
reserved.), antlr-runtime (Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Terence Parr),
antlr4-runtime (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 The ANTLR Project. All rights
reserved.), antlr4-runtime-4.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr and
Sam Harwell All rights reserved.), arguejs-0.2.3 (No Copyright
Statement), ASM (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom  All
rights reserved.), ASM 3.x (Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France
Telecom All rights reserved.), asm-5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA,
France Telecom. All rights reserved.), asm-commons-5.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom. All rights reserved.),
asm-commons-5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom. All
rights reserved.), asm-debug-all-5.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA,
France Telecom), asm-tree-5.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France
Telecom), asm-tree-5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France
Telecom), astor ("Copyright (c) 2012, Patrick Maupin Copyright (c) 2013,
Berker Peksag Copyright (c) 2008, Armin Ronacher All rights reserved."),
astor-0.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2012, Patrick Maupin; Copyright (c) 2013,
Berker Peksag; Copyright (c) 2008, Armin Ronacher All rights reserved.),
atomicops_internals_generic_gcc.h (copyright 2013 Red Hat Inc. All
rights reserved), atomicops_internals_power.h (Copyright 2014 Bloomberg
Finance LP. All rights reserved), Automatically Tuned Linear Algebra
Software (ATLAS) ((C) Copyright 2000 All Rights Reserved), automaton
(Copyright (c) 2001-2009 Anders Moeller. All rights reserved), base.py
(Copyright (c) 2007 David Cournapeau 2010 Fabian Pedregosa 2010 Olivier
Grisel), bcrypt-pbkdf-1.0.1 (No Copyright Statement), blackfriday
(Copyright Â© 2011 Russ Ross), boom-2.10.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014
Walmart and other contributors.), boom-4.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2017
Project contributors.Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart.), boom-5.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Project contributors.Copyright (c) 2012-2014
Walmart.), buffer-equal-constant-time-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013
GoInstant Inc. a salesforce.com company), build.xml (Copyright (c)
2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom. All rights reserved), Burmese Word
Break Dictionary Data (burmesedict.txt) (Copyright (c) 2013, LeRoy
Benjamin Sharon  All rights reserved.), carrot2 Stopwords (Copyright
(C) 2002-2016, Dawid Weiss, Stanis?aw Osi?ski.), Chinese/Japanese Word
Break Dictionary Data (cjdict.txt) (Copyright (C) 2006-2008, Google
Inc.), classification.py ((C) INRIA, University of Amsterdam),
classworlds-1.1.alpha (Copyright 2002 (C) The Codehaus. All Rights
Reserved.), click-6.7 (Copyright (c) 2014 by Armin Ronacher), Clojure
(Copyright 2008-2016 Rich Hickey), code copied from code from Caffe
(Copyright (c) 2014, The Regents of the University of California
(Regents) All rights reserved), codec ((c) 2011, Joe Walnes and
contributors. All rights reserved.), colorama (Copyright Jonathan
Hartley 2013), configobj-5.0.6 (Author: Rob Dennis, Eli Courtwright
(Michael Foord & Nicola Larosa original maintainers)), cpuinfo
(Copyright 2002 Pearu Peterson all rights reserved), CRFsuite_ library
(Copyright (c) 2007-2010, Naoaki Okazaki, All rights reserved.),
CruiseControl (Copyright (c) 2001-2003, ThoughtWorks, Inc. 651 W
Washington Ave. Suite 500 Chicago, IL 60661 USA), cryptiles-2.0.5
(Copyright (c) 2014 Eran Hammer and other contributors.),
cryptiles-3.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Eran Hammer and Project
contributors), crypto (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), CSGraph ((C) 2012), d3-4.13.0 (Copyright 2010-2017 Mike
Bostock), d3-4.4.4 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-array-1.0.2
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-array-1.2.1 (Copyright 2010-2016
Mike Bostock), d3-axis-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-axis-1.0.8 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-brush-1.0.3
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-brush-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2016
Mike Bostock), d3-chord-1.0.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-chord-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-collection-1.0.2
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-collection-1.0.4 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-color-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock), d3-color-1.0.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-dispatch-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-dispatch-1.0.3
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-drag-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016
Mike Bostock), d3-drag-1.2.1 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-dsv-1.0.3 (Copyright 2013-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-dsv-1.0.8 (Copyright
2013-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-ease-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock
Copyright 2001 Robert Penner), d3-ease-1.0.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
BostockCopyright 2001 Robert Penner), d3-force-1.0.4 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-force-1.1.0 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock), d3-format-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock),
d3-format-1.2.2 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock), d3-geo 1.4.0
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike BostockCopyright (c) 2008-2012 Charles
Karney), d3-geo-1.9.1 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock Copyright (c)
2008-2012 Charles Karney), d3-hierarchy-1.0.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock), d3-hierarchy-1.1.5 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-interpolate-1.1.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-interpolate-1.1.6 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-path-1.0.3
(Copyright 2015-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-path-1.0.5 (Copyright 2015-2016
Mike Bostock), d3-polygon-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-polygon-1.0.3 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-quadtree-1.0.2
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-quadtree-1.0.3 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-queue-3.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Michael
Bostock), d3-queue-3.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Michael Bostock),
d3-random-1.0.2 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-random-1.1.0
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-request-1.0.3 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-request-1.0.6 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock), d3-scale-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock),
d3-scale-1.0.7 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock), d3-selection-1.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Michael Bostock), d3-selection-1.3.0 (Copyright
(c) 2010-2018 Michael Bostock), d3-shape-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike
Bostock), d3-shape-1.2.0 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock),
d3-time-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-time-1.0.8
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-time-format-2.0.3 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-time-format-2.1.1 (Copyright 2010-2017 Mike
Bostock), d3-timer-1.0.4 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
d3-timer-1.0.7 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-transition 1.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Michael BostockCopyright 2001 Robert Penner),
d3-transition-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Michael Bostock Copyright
2001 Robert Penner), d3-voronoi-1.1.1 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock
Copyright (C) 2010-2013 Raymond Hill), d3-voronoi-1.1.2 (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock Copyright (C) 2010-2013 Raymond Hill),
d3-zoom-1.1.1 (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), d3-zoom-1.7.1
(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock), danish_stop.txt (lucene) (Copyright
(c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter, Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton.),
dateutil (Copyright 2017- Paul Ganssle), decorator-4.2.1 (Copyright
2005-2018, Michele Simionato), Decorators.py (Copyright Michele
Simionato), docs/sitemap_gen.py (Copyright (c) 2004, 2005, Google Inc.),
dtrace-provider-0.6.0 (Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.),
dtrace-provider-0.8.5 (Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.),
dtrace-provider-0.8.6 (Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.),
dtrace-provider-0.8.7 (Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.),
duplexer2-0.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Deoxxa Development), Eigen3 (Minpack
Copyright Notice (1999) University of Chicago. All rights reserved),
email.py (copyright: (c) Django Software Foundation and individual
contributors.), enthought documentation (Copyright: 2004 by `Enthought,
Inc.), env.python (Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights
reserved.), esprima-2.7.3 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors, https://js.foundation/), esprima-4.0.0 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors, https://js.foundation/),
esutils-2.0.2 (Copyright (C) 2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), file reps.js. (Copyright (c)
2006, Yahoo! Inc.), firebug-lite (Copyright (c) 2007, Parakey Inc.),
Flask Artwork (Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher), Flask-0.12.2
(Copyright (c) 2013 by Armin Ronacher and contributors.), flask-jsonrpc
(Copyright (c) 2013, Berker Peksag), Flask-RESTful-0.3.6 (Copyright (c)
2013, Twilio, Inc. All rights reserved.), format_stack.py (Copyright:
2010, Gael Varoquaux, 2001-2004, Fernando Perez, 2001 Nathaniel Gray),
func_inspect.py (Copyright (c) 2009 Gael Varoquaux), gast (Author:
serge-sans-paille), gast-0.2.0 (No Copyright Statement provided. Author:
serge-sans-paille), getopt.c (Copyright (c) 1987-2001 The Regents of the
University of California. All rights reserved.), gogo/protobuf
(Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors), golang (Copyright 2009 The Go
Authors), golang.org/x/time (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.),
golang/protobuf (Copyright (c) 2010 The GoGo Authors), GoLLRB (Copyright
(c) 2010, Petar Maymounkov, All rights reserved.), google-snappy
(Copyright 2005 and onwards Google Inc.), google.golang.org/grpc
(Copyright 2014, Google Inc.), gopkg.in/cheggaaa/pb.v1 (Copyright (c)
2012-2015, Sergey Cherepanov), graph_lasso_.py (Copyright: INRIA),
grpc-gateway (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc.), h5py (Copyright (c)
2008-2013 Andrew Collette and contributors. http://www.h5py.org. All
rights reserved.), Hadoop Sub Somponents (Copyright (c) 2005, European
Commission project OneLab under contract * 034819
(http://www.one-lab.org)  All rights reserved.), Hamcrest (Copyright
(c) 2007 Mockito contributors), hamcrest-core (Copyright (c) 2000-2006;
www.hamcrest.org All rights reserved.), hashtable (Copyright (c) 2002,
2004, Christopher Clark All rights reserved.), hawk-3.1.3 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Eran Hammer and other contributors.), hawk-6.0.2 (Copyright
(c) 2012-2017 Eran Hammer and Project contributors), HdrHistogram
(Copyright (c) 2012; 2013; 2014 Gil Tene Copyright (c) 2014 Michael
Barker Copyright (c) 2014 Matt Warren All rights reserved.),
hierarchy.py (Copyright (C) Damian Eads, 2007-2008. New BSD License.),
hiredis (Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Salvatore Sanfilippo Copyright (c)
2010-2011, Pieter Noordhuis), hoek-2.16.3 (Copyright (c) 2011-2014
Walmart and other contributors.Copyright (c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.),
hoek-4.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Project contributorsCopyright (c)
2011-2014 WalmartCopyright (c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.),
hoist-non-react-statics-2.5.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Yahoo! Inc. All rights
reserved.), html4css1 (Â© David Goodger), http-status 0.1.8 (Copyright
(c) 2008-2010 SARL Adaltas.), http-status 1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2008-2010
SARL Adaltas.), ibrowse (Copyright (c) 2006, Chandrashekhar Mullaparthi
All rights reserved.), idna-2.6 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017, Kim Davies.
All rights reserved.), inf.v0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Peter Surnyi.
Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved),
initialise.py (Copyright Jonathan Hartley 2013.), ioutil (Copyright
2012, Google Inc), IPADIC (Japanese) (Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003
Nara Institute of Science and Technology. All Rights Reserved.),
ipy_completer.py (Copyright (C) 2009 Darren Dale), ipython notebooks
(Copyright (c) 2013 - DamiAvila), Ipython's py3compat.py (Copyright
(c) 2008-2014, IPython Development Team,Copyright (c) 2001-2007),
is-extended 0.0.10 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pollenware),
itsdangerous-0.24 (Copyright (c) 2011 by Armin Ronacher and the Django
Software Foundation.), Jacques Savoy stopwords.txt (Copyright Jacques
Savoy), JaspellTernarySearchTrie (Copyright 2004 Â© Bruno Marins), JavaHL
(Copyright (c) 2000-2005 CollabNet. All rights reserved.), Javolution
(Copyright (c) 2006, Javolution (http://javolution.org) All rights
reserved.), javolution (BSD 2 clause) (Copyright (c) 2006, Javolution),
Jaxen (Copyright (c) 2000-2006, www.hamcrest.org), jemalloc (Copyright
(C) 2002-2014 Jason Evans All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2007-2012
Mozilla Foundation. All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2009-2014
Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), Jinja2 (Copyright (c) 2009 by the
Jinja Team, see AUTHORS for more details.), JLine (Copyright (c)
2002-2006, Marc Prud'hommeaux <mwp1@cornell.edu> All rights reserved.),
jline-0.9.94 (Copyright (c) 2002-2007, Marc Prud'hommeaux), jsch
(Copyright (c) 2002-2012 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. All rights
reserved.), jsch-0.1.44.1 (Copyright (c) 2002-2015 Atsuhiko Yamanaka,
JCraft,Inc), jsch-0.1.53 (Copyright (c) 2002,2003,2004,2005,2006
Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. All rights reserved.), jsch-agent-proxy
(Copyright (c) 2012 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc.  All rights
reserved.), jsch.agentproxy.connector-factory-0.0.7 (Author: Atsuhiko
Yamanaka), jsDump (Copyright (c) 2008 Ariel Flesler), json-schema-0.2.3
(Copyright (c) 2005-2015, The Dojo Foundation), JsUnit (Copyright (c)
2010-2013 Christian Johansen), JSV (Copyright 2010 Gary Court. All
rights reserved.), JSV-4.0.2 (Copyright 2010 Gary Court. All rights
reserved.), Junit (Copyright (c) 2000-2006, www.hamcrest.org),
jzlib-1.1.2 (No Copyright Statement found), Lao Word Break Dictionary
Data (laodict.txt) (Copyright (C) 2013 Brian Eugene Wilson, Robert
Martin Campbell.  All rights reserved.), lddtree (Copyright 2012-2014
Gentoo Foundation Copyright 2012-2014 Mike Frysinger <vapier@gentoo.org>
Copyright 2012-2014 The Chromium OS Authors), lfw.py (Copyright (c) 2011
Olivier Grisel), libc-utils (No Copyright Statement), LibLinear
(Copyright (c) 2007-2014 The LIBLINEAR Project), liblzf (Copyright (c)
2000-2010 Marc Alexander Lehmann <schmorp@schmorp.de>), Libtabe
(Chinese) (Copyrighy (c) 1999 TaBE Project. Copyright (c) 1999
Pai-Hsiang Hsiao. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 1999 Computer
Systems and Communication Lab, Institute of Information Science,
Academia Sinica. All rights reserved.), linear_assignment_.py (Copyright
(c) 2008 Brian M. Clapper <bmc@clapper.org>, Gael Varoquaux), LLVM
(Copyright (c) 2007-2014 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. All
rights reserved.), Lucene Jaspell (No Copyright Found), Lucene JLine (No
Copyright Found), Lucene KStemmers (Copyright Â© 2003, Center for
Intelligent Information Retrieval, University of Massachusetts,
Amherst), Lucene Snowball Stemmers (Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Martin
Porter, (c) 2002, Richard Boulton), Lucene Stopwords (Copyright (c)
2005, Jacques Savoy), LZ4 (Copyright (C) 2011, Yann Collet.),
lzf_filter.c (Copyright (C) 2008 Andrew Collette), Markdown (Copyright
2007, 2008 The Python Markdown Project), Markdown-2.6.11 (Copyright (c)
2004, John Gruber), Markdown.pl (Copyright (c) 2003-2004 John Gruber),
math (Copyright Â© 1993,2004 Sun Microsystems or Copyright Â©
2003-2011 David Schultz or Copyright Â© 2003-2009 Steven G. Kargl or
Copyright Â© 2003-2009 Bruce D. Evans or Copyright Â© 2008 Stephen
L. Moshier), math2html.py (Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Alex Fernandez),
MathJax (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 The MathJax Consortium), MD5 (Copyright
(c) 1994 * The Regents of the University of California. All rights
reserved), memcpy.s (Copyright Â© 2008 The Android Open Source
Project), mergo (Copyright (c) 2013 Dario Casta. All rights reserved),
Mersenne Twister. (Copyright (C) 1997 - 2002, Makoto Matsumoto and
Takuji Nishimura, All rights reserved), mldata.py (Copyright (c)
2011 Pietro Berkes), Morfeusz (Copyright Â© 2011 Zygmunt Saloni,
Wodzimierz Gruszczyski, Marcin Woliski, Robert Woosz), morfologik
(Copyright Â© 2011 Zygmunt Saloni), Msgpack-Numpy (Copyright (c) 2013, 
Lev Givon All rights reserved.), msun library (Copyright (c) 2007, 2011 David
Schultz, Copyright (c) 2012 Stephen Montgomery-Smith), ndiimage
(Copyright (C) 2003-2005 Peter J. Verveer), net (Copyright (c) 2009 The
Go Authors. All rights reserved.), node-pre-gyp-0.6.36 (Copyright (c)
Mapbox), NUMPY (Copyright (c) 2005-2011, NumPy Developers. All rights
reserved.), numpy-1.14.2 (Copyright (c) 2005-2016, NumPy Developers.All
rights reserved), NumpyDoc (Copyright (C) 2008 Stefan van der Walt),
nw-pre-gyp-module-test (Copyright (c); Mapbox),
nw-pre-gyp-module-test-0.0.1 (Copyright (c), Mapbox), oauthlib-1.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2011 Idan Gazit and contributors All rights reserved.),
olivetti_faces.py (Copyright (c) 2011 David Warde-Farley),
org.apache.commons.compress.compressors.snappy (Copyright (c) 2004-2006
Intel Corportation), org.eclipse.jgit (Copyright (C) 2010, Christian
Halstrick <christian.halstrick@sap.com> Copyright (C) 2010, Stefan Lay
<stefan.lay@sap.com> and other copyright owners as documented in the
project's IP log.), packaging (Copyright 2014-2016 Donald Stufft and
individual contributors), packers.py (Copyright (c) 2013, Lev Givon.),
Pandas (Copyright (c) 2011-2012, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team All rights reserved. ;  Copyright (c) 2008-2011 AQR
Capital Management, LLC All rights reserved.), pflag (Copyright (c) 2012
Alex Ogier. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), pg-query-stream 0.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian M.
Carlson), pkl_utils.py (No Copyright Statement), pmezard/go-difflib
(Copyright (c) 2013, Patrick Mezard), pockets (Copyright (c) 2018 the
Pockets team see AUTHORS.Copyright (c) 2014 Applied Security.),
polygon.java (Copyright (c) 1970-2003, Wm. Randolph Franklin),
prop-types-15.5.8 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), Protobuf
(Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights reserved.), Protobuf
(Python) (Copyright 2008 Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
protobuf-3.5.2.post1 (Copyright 2008 Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
protobuf-java (Copyright 2008 Google Inc.), protobuf-java-3.3.1
(Copyright 2014, Google Inc. All rights reserved.), protobuf-java-3.4.0
(Copyright 2014, Google Inc. All rights reserved.), protobuf-java-3.5.1
(Copyright 2014, Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
protobuf-java-util-3.3.1 (Copyright 2014, Google Inc. All rights
reserved.), protobufjs-5.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2016, Daniel Wirtz All
rights reserved.), psutil-5.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2009, Jay Loden, Dave
Daeschler, Giampaolo Rodola' All rights reserved), Purell (Copyright (c)
2012, Martin Angers, All rights reserved.), py4j-0.10.7 (Copyright (c)
2009-2016, Barthelemy Dagenais and individual contributors. All rights
reserved.), pyasn1-0.1.9 (Copyright (c) 2005-2012 Ilya Etingof),
PyCryptodome (By Helder Eijs), pyfits.rst (Copyright (C) 2014
Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA)), Pyperclip
v1.3 (Copyright (c) 2010, Albert Sweigart), pyserial-3.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2001-2016 Chris Liechti <cliechti@gmx.net>), PyTables Software
Library and Utilities (Copyright (c) 2002, 2003, 2004Â  Francesc Altet
Copyright (c) 2005, 2006, 2007Â  Carabos Coop. V. All rights reserved.),
python-dateutil-2.6.1 (No Copyright Statement provided), Python-future
doc extensions (Copyright 2008 by Armin Ronacher.), python-json-logger
(Copyright (c) 2011, Zakaria Zajac), python-json-logger-0.1.8 (Copyright
(c) 2011, Zakaria Zajac), python-modernize (Copyright (c) 2011 by Armin
Ronacher.), python.pxi (Copyright: 2004, Enthought, Inc), qs (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), qs-2.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), qs-4.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), qs-6.4.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), qs-6.5.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), QuTiP ((C) 2014),
RankLib-2.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 The Lemur Project. All rights
reserved.), re2 1.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 The RE2 Authors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) 2005-2014 Eugene Lazutkin), re2j-1.1 (Copyright
(c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), Redis (Copyright (c)
2006-2015, Salvatore Sanfilippo All rights reserved.),
reflections-0.9.11 (Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar), Regex (Copyright
1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer. All rights reserved.), RETROTRANSLATOR
(Copyright (c) 2005, 2006 Taras Puchko All rights reserved),
rst2html2.py (Copyright: Â© 2015 G Â¸nter Milde), rw-1.3.3 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Michael Bostock), scala-library-2.9.2 (Copyright (c) 2002-2016
EPFL; Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Lightbend, Inc. (formerly Typesafe,
Inc.)), scikit-learn-0.19.0 (Copyright (c) 2007ÃƒÂ±2017 The scikit-learn
developers.), scikit-learn-0.19.2 (Copyright (c) 2007-2015 The
scikit-learn developers. All rights reserved.), SciPy (Copyright (c)
2001, 2002 Enthought, Inc. All rights reserved.;  Copyright (c)
2003-2017 SciPy Developers. All rights reserved.), scipy-0.19.1
(Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Enthought, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2003-2016 SciPy Developers. All rights reserved.), Sequence
(Copyright (c) 2000-2008 SyntEvo GmbH, Ainring, GERMANY. All rights
reserved.), sequence-library (Copyright (c) 2000-2013 syntevo GmbH,
Freilassing, GERMANY. All rights reserved.), sidebar.js (Copyright
2007-2011 by the Sphinx team, see AUTHORS.), sitemap_gen.py (No
Copyright Satatement), sklearn (Copyright (c) 2007ÃƒÂ±2018 The scikit-learn
developers), sklearn-0.19.0 (Copyright (c) 2007ÃƒÂ±2016 The scikit-learn
developers. All rights reserved), Snowball (Copyright (c) 2001, Dr
Martin Porter, Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton.), sntp (Copyright
(c) 2012-2014 Eran Hammer and other contributors.), sntp-1.0.9
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Eran Hammer and other contributors.),
sntp-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Eran Hammer and Project
contributors), somap.py ((C) 2011), Sparse Equations and Least Squares
(Copyright (c) 2006, Systems Optimization Laboratory), Sphinx (Copyright
2007-2011 by the Sphinx team), Sphinx-1.4.5 (Copyright (c) 2007-2016 by
the Sphinx team), sphinxcontrib-napoleon-0.6.1 (Copyright 2014 Rob Ruana
Copyright 2007-2014 by the Sphinx team), sphinxext/numpydoc/linkcode.py
(Copyright 2007-2011 by the Sphinx team), sprintf-js (Copyright (c)
2007-2014 Alexandru Marasteanu <hello [at) alexei (dot] ro>),
sprintf-js-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2007-2014 Alexandru Marasteanu <hello
[at) alexei (dot] ro>), squel-basic.js (No Copyright Statement found),
stax2-api-3.1.4 (No Copyright Found), stdint.h (Windows version)
(Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris), stopwords (lucene) (None
found), stopwords.txt (Copyright (c) 2005, Jacques Savoy.),
stopwords.txt (snowball) (Copyright (c) 2005, Jacques Savoy.),
stringtemplate-3.2.1 (Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Terence Parr),
sum_amd64 (Copyright 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), SVNKit
pure Java Subversion Library (Copyright (c) 2004-2015 TMate Software.
All rights reserved.), swagger (Copyright 2015 Ernest Micklei. All
rights reserved), sys (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), t_sne.py ((C) 2014), tar-pack (Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay), tar-pack-3.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay), tdint.h
(for MSVC). (Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Paul Hsieh),
tensorflow-1.3.0/Acknowledgments (Copyright (c) 2014, The Regents of the
University of California, Copyright (c) 2014, the respective
contributors), text (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), textwriter.py (Copyright 2007-2011 by the Sphinx team, see
AUTHORS.), tough-cookie (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.),
tough-cookie-2.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.),
tough-cookie-2.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.),
tough-cookie-2.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.),
tough-cookie-2.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), Trilead
(Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Trilead AG), trilead-ssh2 (Copyright (c)
2007-2008 Trilead AG (http://www.trilead.com)), trilead-ssh2-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Trilead AG (http://www.trilead.com)), UltraJson
(Copyright (c) 2011-2013, ESN Social Software AB and Jonas Tarnstrom All
rights reserved.), ultrajson.h ((c) 2007 Nick Galbreath),
unique-stream-1.0.0 (Copyright 2014 Eugene Ware), uri-js 4.2.2
(Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights reserved.), URI.js v4.2.1
(Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights reserved.), urlsec (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), validators 0.12.1 (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Konsta Vesterinen), Webcodings (Copyright 2012 by Simon
Sapin), webencodings (Copyright 2012 by Simon Sapin),
WebSocket07FrameDecoder (Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes and
contributors.), werkflow (Copyright 2002 (C) The Codehaus. All Rights
Reserved.), Werkzeug (Copyright (c) 2014 by the Werkzeug Team, see
AUTHORS for more details.), winstdint.h (Copyright (c) 2006-2008
Alexander Chemeris), winterm.py (Copyright Jonathan Hartley 2013.),
x/crypto (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.), x/net (Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors.), x/sys (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.),
xmlunit-1.5 (Copyright (c) 2001-2013, Jeff Martin, Tim Bacon),
xstream-1.4.2 (Copyright (C) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 XStream Committers.
All rights reserved.), xstream-1.4.7 (Copyright (C) 2006 Joe Walnes.
Copyright (C) 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015
XStream committers. All rights reserved), yajl (Copyright 2010, Lloyd
Hilaiel.), yaml (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors, eclipse.jgit 4.4.1 
(Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse Foundation, Inc. and its licensors.), 
itsdangerous (Copyright (c) 2011 by Armin Ronacher and the Django 
Software Foundation.)  _ansistrm.py (Copyright (C) 2010-2012 
Vinay Sajip. All rights reserved.), aest4-sparcv9 (Written by David S. Miller
<davem@devemloft.net> and Andy Polyakov), afpacket.go (Copyright 2012
Google, Inc. All rights reserved.), antlr4 (Copyright (c) 2013 Terence
Parr, Sam Harwell), antlr4-runtime ( Â© Copyright ANTLR / Terence Parr
2014), ASM (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom), asm-commons
(Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom. All rights reserved.),
asm-debug-all (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom . All
rights reserved.), asm-tree (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France
Telecom), AssemblerBuffer-x86-shared.h (Copyright (C) 2008 Apple Inc.
All rights reserved.), bcrypt-pbkdf -1.0.2 (Copyright 1997 Niels Provos
<provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de>All rights reserved), Blackfriday
(Copyright  Â© 2011 Russ Ross), c-ext/* (Copyright (c) 2017-present,
Gregory Szorc All rights reserved.), certificate-transparency-go
(Copyright 2015 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), cidr-regex -2.0.9
(Copyright (c) silverwind), cmd-shim -2.0.2 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter ("Author")), cmll-x86.pl (Copyright (c) 2008 Andy Polyakov
<appro@openssl.org>), ConfigObj 4 (Copyright (c) 2003-2010, Michael
Foord, All rights reserved.), configstore -3.1.2 (Copyright Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), crypto (Copyright
(c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), Debianed-libssh
(Copyright: 2007-2012 Mikhail Gusarov <dottedmag@debian.org>),
DebianedCode (Copyright 2014 Ondrej SurÃ‹Â� 2012-2013 Debian TigerVNC
Packaging Team 2011-2012 Canonical Ltd. 2011-2012 Linaro Inc.),
dest4-sparcv9 (Written by David S. Miller <davem@devemloft.net> and Andy
Polyakov), discover 0.4.0 (Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Michael Foord),
dotenv -5.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Scott Motte), duplexer3 -0.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2013 Deoxxa Development), escodegen -0.0.21 (Copyright
(C) 2012 Yusuke Suzuki (twitter: @Constellation) and other
contributors.), escodegen -0.0.28 (Copyright (C) 2012 Yusuke Suzuki
(twitter: @Constellation) and other contributors.), esprima -1.0.4
(Copyright (C) 2012 2011 [Ariya
Hidayat](http://ariya.ofilabs.com/about)), esprima -1.2.2 (No copyright
statement found), esprima -4.0.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors https://js.foundation/), estraverse -0.0.4 (Copyright (C)
2012 [Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), estraverse
-1.3.2 (Copyright (C) 2012 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), ftp.c,v 1.46 2014/06/11
(Copyright (c) 1998-2004 Dag-Erling CoÃƒâ€�dan Sm Â¯rgrav, Copyright (c) 2008,
2009, 2010 Joerg Sonnenberger . All rights reserved.), GoLLRB (Copyright
(c) 2010, Petar Maymounkov, All rights reserved.), gyp-mac-tool
(Copyright (c) 2012 Google Inc. All rights reserved), hiredis (Copyright
(c) 2009-2011, Salvatore Sanfilippo Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Pieter
Noordhuis), http-cache-semantics -3.8.1 (Copyright 2016-2018 Kornel
Lesinski), inf.v0 (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃƒË†ter Sur Â·nyi. Portions Copyright
(c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved), Intel(R) Decimal
Floating-Point Math Library v2.1 (Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corp.),
ioutil (Copyright 2012, Google Inc), is-cidr -2.0.6 (Copyright (c)
silverwind), jemalloc (Copyright (C) 2002-2014 Jason Evans All rights
reserved. Copyright (C) 2007-2012 Mozilla Foundation. All rights
reserved. Copyright (C) 2009-2014 Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.),
json-schema -0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2005-2015, The Dojo Foundation All
rights reserved.), JZlib (Copyright 1998-2014 JCraft, Inc. All rights
reserved.), libbsd (No Copyright found), libc-utils (No Copyright
Statement), libssh2-1 (Copyright: (c) 2004-2007 Sara Golemon
<sarag@libssh2.org>  (c) 2005,2006 Mikhail Gusarov
<dottedmag@dottedmag.net>   (c) 2006-2007 The Written Word, Inc.   (c)
2007 Eli Fant <elifantu@mail.ru>  (c) 2009 Daniel Stenberg (C) 2008,
2009 Simon Josefsson), LZ4 - Fast LZ compression algorithm (Copyright
(C) 2011-2014, Yann Collet.), Markdown (Copyright (c) 2004-2005 John
Gruber <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>), math (Copyright
Â© 1993,2004 Sun Microsystems or Copyright Â© 2003-2011 David
Schultz or Copyright Â© 2003-2009 Steven G. Kargl or Copyright Â©
2003-2009 Bruce D. Evans or Copyright Â© 2008 Stephen L. Moshier),
mcyphar (Copyright (C) 2014-2015 Docker Inc & Go Authors. All rights
reserved. Copyright (C) 2017 SUSE LLC. All rights reserved.), memcpy.s
(Copyright Â© 2008 The Android Open Source Project), mergo (Copyright
(c) 2013 Dario Casta. All rights reserved), mississippi -2.0.0 (No
copyright statement found), mississippi -3.0.0 (No copyright statement
found), mute-stream -0.0.7 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), net (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), node-forge -0.7.6 (Copyright (c) 2010 Digital Bazaar Inc.),
normalize-package-data -2.4.0 (Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author")),
npm-install-checks -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski and Isaac Z.
Schlueter ("Authors")), npm-user-validate -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Robert
Kowalski), OpenSSL/hostname.c (Copyright (C) 2014 Space Monkey, Inc.),
pelay_iterator.h (Copyright (c) 2013 The HyperLevelDB Authors. All
rights reserved.), pflag (Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
process.js (Copyright 2010 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>),
Protobuf (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights reserved.),
Purell (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers, All rights reserved.),
pywatchman (Copyright 2016-present Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.),
qs -6.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other
contributors.), qs -6.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and
other contributors.), Redis (Copyright (c) 2006-2015, Salvatore
Sanfilippo All rights reserved.), regex (Copyright Â© 2001-2008 Ville
Laurikari), sha -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay), shelljs
-0.7.8 (Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib <arturadib@gmail.com>),
showdown.js (Copyright (c) 2007 John Fraser), source-map -0.7.3
(Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and contributors),
sprintf-js -1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2007-2014 Alexandru Marasteanu <hello
[at) alexei (dot] ro>), swagger (Copyright 2015 Ernest Micklei. All
rights reserved), sys (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), text (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), tough-cookie -2.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com
Inc.), tough-cookie -2.4.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.),
transformer.py (Copyright (C) 1997-1998 Greg Stein. All Rights
Reserved.), TurboJPEG Java Wrapper (Not Required), update-notifier
-2.5.0 (Copyright Google), urlsec (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), Webbit (Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes and
contributors All rights reserved.), xstream-BINZIP.txt (Copyright (c)
2003-2006, Joe Walnes Copyright (c) 2006-2015 XStream Committers All
rights reserved.), yarn -1.9.4 (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Yarn
Contributors. All rights reserved.), YUI 3.12.0 (build 8655935)
(Copyright 2013 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.), 
GroovyScriptEngineImpl.java (Copyright 2006 Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
All rights reserved.), BRICS AUTOMATON [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2001-2009 Anders Moeller All
rights reserved.), CARROT2 STOPWORDS [Lucene-core] (Copyright (C)
2002-2016, Dawid Weiss, Stanisâ€šaw Osiski.), SURROGATEESCAPE.PY (No
Copyright Statement), CODEVIEWER [OpenJDK] (Copyright 1999 by
CoolServlets.com.), WINREG-1.2.4 (Copyright (c) 2016 Paul Bottin All
rights reserved.), HASHTABLE [Zookeeper] (Copyright (c) 2002, 2004,
Christopher Clark All rights reserved.), ESTRAVERSE-4.2.0 (No Copyright
statement), MINPACK [tensorflow] (Copyright Notice (1999) University of
Chicago. All rights reserved), BANANA V0.4 [distlib] (Author: Josip
Djolonga), ANTLR-RUNTIME-3.5 (Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Terence Parr. All
rights reserved.), ESTRAVERSE-1.9.3 (Copyright (C) 2012-2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), DIFF-2.2.3 (Copyright (c)
2009-2015 Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com>), ANTLR (No Copyright
Statement), OPENMPI [OpenBLAS] (Copyright (c) 2006-2017 The University
of Colorado Denver. All rights reserved.), TABLE-3.8.3 (Copyright (c)
2016 Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/)), DIFF (Copyright (c) 2009-2015
Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com>), SINON-CHAI-2.8.0 (Copyright Â©
2012 â‚¬â€œ2015 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â© 2012-2015 Domenic Denicola <domenic.me>),
HTTP-STATUS (Copyright (c) 2008-2010 SARL Adaltas.), PLEXUS-UTILS-1.5.1
(No Copyright Statement), SCALA-LIBRARY-2.9.2 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016
Lightbend, Inc. (formerly Typesafe, Inc.)), LOLEX-1.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2010-2014 Christian Johansen christian@cjohansen.no. All rights
reserved.), SINON (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no), SOURCE-MAP-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011
Mozilla Foundation and contributors), SNOWBALL STEMMERS [Lucene]
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter Copyright (c) 2002, Richard
Boulton All rights reserved.), DOCTRINE-0.6.4 (No Copyright statement),
QS-6.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.),
ADDRESS-SORTING [grpcio] (No Copyright Statement), POLYGON.JAVA
[Lucene-core] (Copyright (c) 1970-2003, Wm. Randolph Franklin),
ESPREE-3.4.3 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundation), SKLEARN-0.19.0 (No Copyright Statement),
CONFIGSTORE-3.1.2 (Copyright Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JAVOLUTION (BSD 2 CLAUSE) [Plexus-Utils] (Copyright
(c) 2006, Javolution), D3-FORMAT-1.2.1 (Copyright 2010-2015 Mike
Bostock), ANTLR4-RUNTIME-4.7.1 (No Coypright Statement), D3
[tensorboard] (Copyright 2010-2017 Mike Bostock All rights reserved.),
PROTOCOL BUFFERS [Netty] (Copyright 2013 Google Inc.), DUPLEXER2-0.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2013 Deoxxa Development), DOM4J-1.6.1 (Copyright:
2001-2005 (C) MetaStuff, Ltd. All Rights Reserved), ASM-2.2.3
[spring-core] (Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom All rights
reserved.), ASM-UTIL-5.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), ESTRAVERSE
(Copyright (C) 2012-2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), GAST-0.2.0 (No Copyright
Statement), GAST-0.2.2 (No Copyright Statement), INVERSE_SSE.H
[tensorflow] (Copyright (c) 2001 Intel Corporation.), MORFEUSZ
[Lucene-core] (Copyright Â© 2011 Zygmunt Saloni,), LAPACK-NETLIB
[OpenBLAS] (Copyright (c) 1992-2017 The University of Tennessee and The
University of Tennessee Research Foundation. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2000-2017 The University of California Berkeley. All
rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2006-2017 The University of Colorado
Denver. All rights reserved.), WEBCOMPONENTS V0.7.24 [tensorboard]
(Copyright (c) 2014 The Polymer Project Authors. All rights reserved.),
SHELLJS-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib <aadib@mozilla.com>),
STEMPEL ANALYZER [Lucene-core] (Copyright (C) 2005 Egothor developers),
DUPLEXER3-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2013 Deoxxa Development),
ASM-ANALYSIS-5.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), ASM [jacocoagent]
(Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom All rights reserved.),
ASM-UTIL (No Copyright Statement), CRYPTILES-3.1.4 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Eran Hammer and Project contributors), @SINONJS/FORMATIO
(Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no)
and), BRICS.DK/AUTOMATON [lucene-spatial3d] (No Copyright Statement),
SPRINTF-1.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), PROTOBUF [grpcio] (No Copyright
Statement), NO-SHADOW-RELAXED (Copyright (c) 2015 Wyatt Preul),
OBJECTWEB [Maven-plugin-api] (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France
Telecom All rights reserved.), MECAB-IPADIC [Lucene-core] (Copyright
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Nara Institute of Science and Technology.),
ESPREE-3.5.4 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundation), ASM-COMMONS-5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2000-2005
INRIA, France Telecom), IAIK PKCS [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 2002 Graz
University of Technology), STEMPEL [lucene-spatial3d] (No Copyright
Statement), SCIPY-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Kevin Dunn Surya K Pauli
Virtanen the Sphinx team i.e. "Copyright (c) 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 Copyright 2012 Twitter Inc 2. Grant of
Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of Copyright
[yyyy] [name of copyright owner]Copyright (C) 2008 Stefan van der Walt
<stefan@mentat.za.net> Pauli Virtanen <pav@iki.fi>Copyright (c) 2001
2002 Enthought Inc.Copyright (c) 2003-2017 SciPy Developers. Copyright
1984 1995 2000 by Stephen L. Moshier Copyright (c) 2012 Massachusetts
Institute of Technology Copyright (c) 2003-2009 The Regents of the
University of California Copyright (c) 1992-2015 The University of
Tennessee and The UniversityCopyright (c) 2000-2015 The University of
California Berkeley. AllCopyright (c) 2006-2015 The University of
Colorado Denver. All rightsCopyright (C) 2003-2005 Peter J.
VerveerCopyright (c) 2002-2005 Jean-Sebastien Roy
(js@jeannot.org)Copyright (c) 2003 The Regents of the University of
California through), JAVALOUTION (No Copyright Statement), DIFF-3.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com>),
PYTHON-JSON-LOGGER (Copyright (c) 2011 Zakaria Zajac), RANKLIB (No
Copyright Statement), ASM-COMMONS (No Copyright Statement), CLDR
[OpenJDK] (Copyright  Â© 1991-2011 Unicode, Inc.), AMDEFINE-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 The Dojo FoundationCopyright (c) 2011-2015 The
Dojo Foundation), SINON-CHAI (Copyright  Â© 2012-2017 Domenic Denicola
Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>Copyright
Â© 2012-2017 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>), ASM-ANALYSIS (No Copyright
Statement), ISTANBUL (Copyright 2012 Yahoo! Inc.), PROTOBUF-JAVA-UTIL
(No Copyright found), ESUTILS-1.1.6 (Copyright (C) 2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), SINON-1.17.7 (Copyright (c)
2010-2014 Christian Johansen christian@cjohansen.no),
ANTLR4-MAVEN-PLUGIN (Copyright (c) 2012-2017 The ANTLR Project. All
rights reserved.), JAVOLUTION [Plexus-Utils] (Copyright (c) 2006,
Javolution (http://javolution.org) All rights reserved.), LZF_H
(Copyright (c) 2000-2008 Marc Alexander Lehmann <schmorp@schmorp.de>),
HDRHISTOGRAM-2.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2012, 2013, 2014 Gil Tene Copyright
(c) 2014 Michael Barker Copyright (c) 2014 Matt Warren All rights
reserved), ASM-TREE-5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France
Telecom), MERSENNE TWISTER. [python-crfsuite] (Copyright (C) 1997 -
2002, Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura, All rights reserved.),
ESQUERY-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Joel Feenstra), SGJP [Lucene]
(Copyright Â© 2011 Zygmunt Saloni, All rights reserved.), SOURCE-MAP-0.4.4 (No
Copyright Statement), STRINGTEMPLATE (No Copyright Statement), OPENBLAS
(Copyright (c) 2011-2014, The OpenBLAS Project), BCRYPT-PBKDF-1.0.2
(Copyright 1997 Niels Provos <provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de>Copyright
(c) 2013 Ted Unangst <tedu@openbsd.org>Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc), HDF5
(Copyright 2006-2016 by The HDF Group.), AMDEFINE-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 The Dojo FoundationCopyright (c) 2011-2016 The Dojo
Foundation), ASM-ALL (No Copyright Statement), ASTOR-0.7.1 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Patrick MaupinCopyright (c) 2013 Berker PeksagCopyright (c)
2008 Armin Ronacher), NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATA-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) Meryn
Stol ("Author")), UPDATE-NOTIFIER-2.5.0 (Copyright Google), MD5-2.2.1
(Copyright  Â© 2011-2012 Paul Vorbach.Copyright  Â© 2009 Jeff Mott.),
ANTLR4-RUNTIME-4.5.3 (No Copyright Statement), ISTEXTNODE (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), GLOB-3.2.11
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author")), ESPRIMA-4.0.1 (Copyright
JS Foundation and other contributors https://js.foundation/),
UGLIFY-JS-3.4.9 (Copyright 2012-2018 (c) Mihai Bazon
<mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), JCRAFT JSCH [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2002-2015
Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc. All rights reserved.), OAUTHLIB-1.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2011 Idan Gazit and contributors), DOCTRINE-1.5.0
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]), GLOB-TO-REGEXP (Copyright
(c) 2013 Nick Fitzgerald), JUNIT (No Copyright Statement), CRFSUITE
V0.12 [python-crfsuite] (Copyright (c) 2007-2010, Naoaki Okazaki All
rights reserved), FREEBSD.TXT [Lucene] (Copyright 1994-2008 The FreeBSD
Project. All rights reserved.), SAMSAM-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2012
Christian Johansen christian@cjohansen.no and), IPYTHON [Cython]
(Copyright (C) 2010-2011, IPython Development Team.), URI-JS-4.2.2
(Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights reserved.), SOURCE-MAP-0.5.7
(Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and contributors),
SOURCE-MAP-0.5.6 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and
contributors), JTS-CORE [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2007, Eclipse
Foundation, Inc. and its licensors.), JUNIT-4.11 (No Copyright
Statement), DOCTRINE-0.7.2 (No Copyright statement#), STDINT.H
(Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris), URL-TEMPLATE-2.0.8
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Bram Stein), UGLIFY-JS-2.7.3 (Copyright
2012-2013 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), INFO-ZIP (Copyright
(c) 1990-2007 Info-ZIP. All rights reserved), ASM-5.0.3 (Copyright (c)
2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom), ESCOPE-3.6.0 (Copyright (C) 2012-2013
[Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), CONFIGOBJ-5.0.6 (No
Copyright Statement), SCIKIT-LEARN-0.19.0 (Copyright (C) 2008 Stefan van
der Walt <stefan@mentat.za.net> Pauli Virtanen Copyright (c) 2006
Enthought Inc.Copyright (c) 2002-2008 John D. Hunter; All Rights
Reserved.), USEJAVA [HDF5] (Copyright 2013 OpenGamma Ltd., Copyright
2010-2011 Andreas schneider Copyright 2010-2013 Kitware, Inc.),
ABEGO.TREELAYOUT.CORE-1.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), HAMCREST-CORE (No
Copyright Statement), PC/SC LITE [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 1999-2004
David Corcoran <corcoran@linuxnet.com> Copyright (c) 1999-2004 Ludovic
Rousseau), ESPRIMA-3.1.3 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundation/), PROTOBUF-JAVA-3.3.1 (Copyright 2008 Google Inc.
All rights reserved.), ESRECURSE-4.1.0 (No Copyright statement#), KSTEM
STEMMERS [lucene-spatial3d] (Copyright Ãƒâ€š Â© 2003, Center for Intelligent
Information Retrieval, University of Massachusetts, Amherst. All rights
reserved.), MUTE-STREAM-0.0.4 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
("Author")), PSUTIL (Copyright (c) 2009 Jay Loden Dave Daeschler
Giampaolo Rodola'), MARKDOWN-3.0.1 (Copyright 2007 2008 The Python
Markdown Project (v. 1.7 and later)Copyright 2004 2005 2006 Yuri
Takhteyev (v. 0.2-1.6b)Copyright 2004 Manfred Stienstra (the original
version)), SOURCE-MAP-0.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation
and contributors), AUTOMATON (Copyright (c) 2001-2009 Anders Moeller.
All rights reserved), JASPELL [lucene-spatial3d] (No Copyright
Statement), BOSSY (Copyright (c) 2014 Walmart and other contributors.),
ESPREE-2.2.5 (No Copyright statement), NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATA-2.4.2
(Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author")), SNOWBALL [Lucene-core] (Copyright
(c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton), CQDB
[python-crfsuite] (Copyright (c) 2007, Naoaki Okazaki All rights
reserved.), RC-1.2.8 (Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), FORMATIO-1.1.1 (Copyright
(c) 2010-2012 Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no) and),
BSON-STDINT-WIN32.H [pymongo] (Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Alexander
Chemeris), IDNA-2.6 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Kim Davies. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2001-2014 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
Reserved Copyright (c) 1991-2014 Unicode Inc. All rights reserved.),
THOUGHTWORKS (No Copyright Statement), FIX_NOTEBOOK_HTML_COLOUR.PY
(Copyright (c) 2013 - DamiÃƒÂ¡n Avila), JLINE [Curator-framework]
(Copyright (c) 2002-2006, Marc Prud'hommeaux <mwp1@cornell.edu> All
rights reserved.), DIFF-3.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Kevin Decker
<kpdecker@gmail.com>), CHOXIE V2.0.0.9 [distlib] (No Copyright Found),
HDBSCAN-0.8.15 (No Copyright Statement), JSCH (Copyright (c) 2002-2015
Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc.), PYTABLES (Copyright (c) 2002, 2003,
2004 Francesc Altet Copyright (c) 2005, 2006, 2007 Carabos Coop. V. All
rights reserved.), UGLIFY-JS-2.8.27 (Copyright 2012-2013 (c) Mihai Bazon
<mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), UGLIFY-JS-2.8.29 (Copyright 2012-2013 (c)
Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), JASPELLTERNARYSEARCHTRIE
[Lucene-core] (Copyright 2004 Â© Bruno Marins), GULP-NODEMON (No
Copyright Found), SHELLJS-0.7.7 (Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib
<arturadib@gmail.com>), SAMSAM-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Christian
Johansen christian@cjohansen.no and), ESPRIMA-3.0.0 (Copyright (c)
jQuery Foundation Inc. and Contributors All Rights Reserved.),
ESRECURSE-4.2.1 (Copyright (C) 2014 [Yusuke
Suzuki](https://github.com/Constellation)), ESRECURSE-4.2.0 (Copyright
(C) 2014 [Yusuke Suzuki](https://github.com/Constellation)),
CHARENC-0.0.2 (Copyright Â© 2011 Paul Vorbach. All rights
reserved.Copyright Â© 2009 Jeff Mott. All rights reserved.), CRYPTIX
[OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 1995-2005 The Cryptix Foundation Limited.),
CMAKE [OpenBLAS] (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 RWTH Aachen University,
Federal Republic of Germany), NISE (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian
Johansen christian@cjohansen.no), SCIKIT-LEARN-0.20.2 (No Copyright
Statement), PACKAGING-17.1 (No Copyright Statement), PYTHON-DATEUTIL
(Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer Copyright (c) 2012-2014 -
Tomi Pievilinen Copyright (c) 2014-2016 - Yaron de Leeuw Copyright (c)
2015 Paul Ganssle), SETUPTOOLS (No Copyright Statement), LAB (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Walmart and other contributors.), POLIMORF [Lucene]
(Copyright (c) 2016, Marcin MiÃ…â€škowski All rights reserved.),
COLORAMA-0.3.7 (Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan Hartley), WEBENCODINGS-0.5
(No Copyright Statement), ANTLR4-RUNTIME-4.6 (Copyright (c) 2012 Terence
Parr Copyright (c) 2012 Sam Harwell), TOUGH-COOKIE-2.4.3 (Copyright (c)
2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), PYASN1-0.1.9 (Copyright (c) 2005-2015 Ilya
Etingof <ilya@glas.net>), KSTEMMER [Lucene] (Copyright Â© 2003, Center
for Intelligent Information Retrieval, University of Massachusetts,
Amherst. All rights reserved.), LOLEX (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Christian
Johansen christian@cjohansen.no. All rights reserved.), TEST_CONFIG (No
Copyright Statement), ST4-4.0.8 (No Copyright Statement), H5PY
(Copyright (c) 2008 Andrew Collette and contributorsHDF5 Copyright
Statement Copyright 2006-2007 by The HDF Group (THG). Copyright
1998-2006 by the Board of Trustees of the University of
Illinois.PyTables Copyright Statement Copyright Notice and Statement for
PyTables Software Library and Utilities: Copyright (c) 2002 2003 2004
Francesc Altet Copyright (c) 2005 2006 2007 Carabos Coop. V. Copyright
(c) 2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris Copyright 2001-2013 Python Software
Foundation; All Rights Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Andrew Collette and
contributors), KSTEM [Lucene-core] (Copyright (c) 2003, Center for
Intelligent Information Retrieval, University of Massachusetts,
Amherst.), MORFOLOGIK [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2006 Dawid Weiss Copyright
(c) 2007-2011 Dawid Weiss, Marcin Mikowski All rights reserved.), DIFF
V3.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2009-2015, Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com> All
rights reserve), SIDEBAR.JS [pymongo] (Copyright 2007-2011 by the Sphinx
team), ANTLR4-RUNTIME [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2015 Terence Parr, Sam
Harwell All rights reserved.), CODE (Copyright (c) 2014 Walmart and
other contributors.), JACQUES SAVOY STOPWORDS.TXT [Lucene-core]
(Copyright Jacques Savoy), CHROMIUM_CATAPULT_VULCANIZED_TRACE_VIEWER
[tensorboard] (Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights
reserved.), HTTP-CACHE-SEMANTICS-3.8.1 (No Copyright Statement),
DTRACE-PROVIDER-0.8.7 (Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.),
STAX2-API-3.1.4 (No Copyright Statement), THEANO-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2008--2018 Theano Development TeamContains code from NumPy Copyright (c)
2005-2016 NumPy Developers, Copyright (c) 2012 Santiago Lezica. All rights 
reserved. Copyright (c) 2008--2018 Theano Development TeamContains code 
from NumPy Copyright (c) 2005-2016 NumPy Developers.Contains frozendict 
code from slezicas python-frozendict(https://github.com/slezica/python-
frozendict/blob/master/frozendict/__init__.py) Copyright (c) 2012 Santiago 
Lezica. All rights reserved.), TRAVIS.YML (Copyright Roger Meier), 
CHROMA.JS [tensorboard] (Copyright (c) 2011-2018, Gregor Aisch All rights 
reserved.), CRYPT-0.0.2 (Copyright Â© 2011 Paul Vorbach. All rights 
reserved.Copyright Â© 2009 Jeff Mott. All
rights reserved.), ESCOPE (Copyright (C) 2012-2014 Yusuke Suzuki
<utatane.tea@gmail.com>   Copyright (C) 2013 Alex Seville
<hi@alexanderseville.com>  Copyright (C) 2014 Thiago de Arruda
<tpadilha84@gmail.com>), ANTLR-RUNTIME-3.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2005-2009
Terence Parr. All rights reserved.), FIXER_UTIL.PY (No Copyright
Statement), ESCODEGEN-1.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation
and contributors), ITEMS-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Walmart and other
contributors.Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Caolan McMahon.), ANTLR4-4.7.1
(Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr Copyright (c) 2012 Sam Harwell), THAI
DICTIONARY [OpenJDK] (Copyright (C) 1982 The Royal Institute, Thai Royal
Government.), RE2J (No Copyright Statement), ASM-TREE (No Copyright
Statement), SHELLJS-0.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib
<aadib@mozilla.com>), SEEDRANDOM.JS V2.0 [tensorboard] (Copyright 2010
David Bau, all rights reserved.), LAPACKE [OpenBLAS] (Copyright (C)
2011, Intel Corporation), D3-SELECTION-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016
Michael Bostock), GRAPHICSSUPPORTJAVA (Copyright (c) 2011 Cay
Horstmann), WEBBIT [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes, Aslak
Hellesy and contributors), SOURCE-MAP-0.1.32 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011
Mozilla Foundation and contributors), ANTLR4-RUNTIME (Â© Copyright ANTLR
 / Terence Parr 2014), PROTOBUF
[Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights reserved.),
CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY-GO [kubernetes] (Copyright 2015 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), PFLAG [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier.
All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), AEST4-SPARCV9 [libssl] (Written by David S. Miller
<davem@devemloft.net> and Andy Polyakov), GOLLRB [Stolon] (Copyright (c)
2010, Petar Maymounkov, All rights reserved.), SYS [Stolon] (Copyright
(c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), ASM-DEBUG-ALL (Copyright
(c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom . All rights reserved.), INF.V0
[Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2012 Peter Surnyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors. All rights reserved), REDIS (Copyright (c) 2006-2015,
Salvatore Sanfilippo All rights reserved.), SWAGGER [Stolon] (Copyright
2015 Ernest Micklei. All rights reserved), DEST4-SPARCV9OPENSSL [libssl]
(Written by David S. Miller <davem@devemloft.net> and Andy Polyakov),
LIBBSD (No Copyright found), BLACKFRIDAY [Stolon] (Copyright  Â© 2011 Russ
Ross), ASM-COMMONS (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France Telecom. All
rights reserved.), IOUTIL [Stolon] (Copyright 2012, Google Inc),
LIBC-UTILS (No Copyright Statement), MCYPHAR [kubernetes] (Copyright (C)
2014-2015 Docker Inc & Go Authors. All rights reserved. Copyright (C)
2017 SUSE LLC. All rights reserved.), TEXT [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), NET [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), ASM-TREE (Copyright (c) 2000-2011
INRIA, France Telecom), XSTREAM-BINZIP.TXT [Groovy] (Copyright (c)
2003-2006, Joe Walnes Copyright (c) 2006-2015 XStream Committers All
rights reserved.), FTP.C,V 1.46 2014/06/11 [apk-tools] (Copyright (c)
1998-2004 Dag-Erling Codan Smrgrav, Copyright (c) 2008, 2009, 2010
Joerg Sonnenberger . All rights reserved.), MEMCPY.S [musl] (Copyright
Â© 2008 The Android Open Source Project), URLSEC [Stolon] (Copyright
(c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), ANTLR4 [hppc] (Copyright
(c) 2013 Terence Parr, Sam Harwell), MERGO [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2013
Dario CastaÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ©. All rights reserved), CRYPTO [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), HIREDIS [Redis] (Copyright (c)
2009-2011, Salvatore Sanfilippo Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Pieter
Noordhuis), REGEX [musl] (Copyright Â© 2001-2008 Ville Laurikari),
WEBBIT [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2011, Joe Walnes and contributors All
rights reserved.), CMLL-X86.PL [libssl] (Copyright (c) 2008 Andy
Polyakov <appro@openssl.org>), JEMALLOC [Redis] (Copyright (C) 2002-2014
Jason Evans All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2007-2012 Mozilla
Foundation. All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2009-2014 Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.), ASM (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA, France
Telecom), JZLIB [Netty] (Copyright 1998-2014 JCraft, Inc. All rights
reserved.), MATH [musl] (Copyright Â© 1993,2004 Sun Microsystems or
Copyright Â© 2003-2011 David Schultz or Copyright 2003-2009
Steven G. Kargl or Copyright Â© 2003-2009 Bruce D. Evans or Copyright
Â© 2008 Stephen L. Moshier), PURELL [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2012,
Martin Angers, All rights reserved.), GroovyCompiledScript.java 
[Groovy2.4.6] (Copyright 2006 Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved.)



BSD 2-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT 
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 



BSD 3-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
  this software without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER 
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

END OF BSD 3-CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION



BSD 4-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, is permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software 
  must display the following acknowledgement:
  This product includes software developed by the <ORGANIZATION>.
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.
  
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD 4-CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++




BSD-EQUIVALENT

cryptsoftware(SSLeay), cryptographic software,  
ui_openssl_win.c

Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.

This package is an SSL implementation written
by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
the code are not to be removed.
If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
as the author of the parts of the library used.
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
   must display the following acknowledgement:
   "This product includes cryptographic software written by
    Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
   The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
   being used are not cryptographic related :-).
4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
   the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
   "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.


hwcryptohook.h

* This file is Copyright 1998-2000 nCipher Corporation Limited.
*
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with opr without
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
* are met:
*
* 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,
* this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
*
* 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
* copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
* disclaimer, in the documentation and/or other materials provided
* with the distribution
*
* IN NO EVENT SHALL NCIPHER CORPORATION LIMITED (`NCIPHER') AND/OR
* ANY OTHER AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS OF THIS FILE BE LIABLE for any
* damages arising directly or indirectly from this file, its use or
* this licence. Without prejudice to the generality of the
* foregoing: all liability shall be excluded for direct, indirect,
* special, incidental, consequential or other damages or any loss of
* profits, business, revenue goodwill or anticipated savings;
* liability shall be excluded even if nCipher or anyone else has been
* advised of the possibility of damage. In any event, if the
* exclusion of liability is not effective, the liability of nCipher
* or any author or distributor shall be limited to the lesser of the
* price paid and 1,000 pounds sterling. This licence only fails to
* exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury arising out
* of negligence, and only to the extent that such an exclusion or
* limitation is not effective.
*
* NCIPHER AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
* AND ANY WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED), including, but not
* limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for
* a particular purpose, satisfactory quality, and/or non-infringement
* of any third party rights.
*
* US Government use: This software and documentation is Commercial
* Computer Software and Computer Software Documentation, as defined in
* sub-paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(5) of DFAR 252.227-7014, "Rights in
* Noncommercial Computer Software and Noncommercial Computer Software
* Documentation." Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is
* subject to the terms and conditions specified here.
*
* By using or distributing this file you will be accepting these
* terms and conditions, including the limitation of liability and
* lack of warranty. If you do not wish to accept these terms and
* conditions, DO NOT USE THE FILE.


OpenSSL, vms_term_sock,  types.h(OpenSSL),  sparct4-mont,  
sha256, s_client, OpenSSLtoolkit(OpenSSL),  OpenSSL, modes_lcl, 
ia64, hwcryptohook, harmap, gost2001, genrsa.podOpenSSL, 
ecparamOpenSSL, ecparam.c(OpenSSL),  ec2, easy-tls,  cms.c, 
camellia(OpenSSL), c_rehash, bn, asn1(OpenSSL), 
aes-586, libressl, libssl, libressl2.7-libssl


  OpenSSL License

====================================================================
Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:\
 
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
   the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
   software must display the following acknowledgment:
   "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
   for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"

4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
   openssl-core@openssl.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
   nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
   permission of the OpenSSL Project.

6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
   acknowledgment:\
   "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
   for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES:
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
====================================================================

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD + Google Patents file License:

BSD + FB Patents file 

Carbon-components (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), 
prop-types (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), 
warning (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), 
write_batch.cc (Copyright (c) 2013, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved. )

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Facebook, Inc. ("Facebook") hereby grants to each recipient of the Software
("you") a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable
(subject to the termination provision below) license under any Necessary
Claims, to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Software. For avoidance of doubt, no license is granted under
FacebookÃƒÂ­s rights in any patent claims that are infringed by (i) modifications
to the Software made by you or any third party or (ii) the Software in
combination with any software or other technology.
The license granted hereunder will terminate, automatically and without notice,
if you (or any of your subsidiaries, corporate affiliates or agents) initiate
directly or indirectly, or take a direct financial interest in, any Patent
Assertion: (i) against Facebook or any of its subsidiaries or corporate
affiliates, (ii) against any party if such Patent Assertion arises in whole or
in part from any software, technology, product or service of Facebook or any of
its subsidiaries or corporate affiliates, or (iii) against any party relating
to the Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Facebook or any of its
subsidiaries or corporate affiliates files a lawsuit alleging patent
infringement against you in the first instance, and you respond by filing a
patent infringement counterclaim in that lawsuit against that party that is
unrelated to the Software, the license granted hereunder will not terminate
under section (i) of this paragraph due to such counterclaim.
A "Necessary Claim" is a claim of a patent owned by Facebook that is
necessarily infringed by the Software standing alone.

A "Patent Assertion" is any lawsuit or other action alleging direct, indirect,
or contributory infringement or inducement to infringe any patent, including a
cross-claim or counterclaim.

END OF BSD + FB Patents file NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD + Google Patents file

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD + Google Patents file License:

Grpc (Copyright 2015, Google Inc. All rights reserved.), 
const_amd64.s (Copyright 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name Facebook nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS

SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Additional IP Rights Grant (Patents)
"This implementation" means the copyrightable works distributed by
Google as part of the GRPC project.
Google hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
transfer and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of this
implementation of GRPC, where such license applies only to those patent
claims, both currently owned or controlled by Google and acquired in
the future, licensable by Google that are necessarily infringed by this
implementation of GRPC. This grant does not include claims that would be
infringed only as a consequence of further modification of this
implementation. If you or your agent or exclusive licensee institute or
order or agree to the institution of patent litigation against any
entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
that this implementation of GRPC or any code incorporated within this
implementation of GRPC constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, or inducement of patent infringement, then any patent
rights granted to you under this License for this implementation of GRPC
shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

END OF BSD + Google Patents file NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD ADM LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD ASM License:

ASM,  Jacoco, PowerMock, ASM-ALL, ASM-Analysis, ASM-Commons, ASM-Tree, ASM-Util, LibLinear 

Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom
All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this 
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its contributors 
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD ADM LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD Dom4J License

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD Dom4J License:

Dom4J

Copyright 2001-2016 (C) MetaStuff, Ltd. and DOM4J contributors. All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright
statements and notices. Redistributions must also contain a
copy of this document.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

3. The name "DOM4J" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this Software without prior written
permission of MetaStuff, Ltd. For written permission,
please contact dom4j-info@metastuff.com.

4. Products derived from this Software may not be called "DOM4J"
nor may "DOM4J" appear in their names without prior written
permission of MetaStuff, Ltd. DOM4J is a registered
trademark of MetaStuff, Ltd.

5. Due credit should be given to the DOM4J Project - https://dom4j.github.io/

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY METASTUFF, LTD. AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
METASTUFF, LTD. OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD DOM4J LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD OPEN SSL LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD OpenSSL License:

asn1_locl.h, Libressl
libressl (Copyright (c) 1998-2017 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved), 
libssl (Copyright (c) 1998-2017 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved), 
ASN1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Ingo Schwarze), Camellia (Copyright 2006 NTT), 
OpenSSL toolkit (Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project. All rights 
reserved), ecparam.c- (Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS 
RESERVED), types.h- (Copyright 2005 Nokia. All rights reserved), 
cryptographic software (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young), 
ui_openssl_win.c (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young ), aes-586 (Copyright: 
Written by Andy Polyakov), bn (Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc. ALL 
RIGHTS RESERVED), c_rehash (Copyright: Original text by James Westby), 
cms.c (No Copyright Statement), easy-tls (Copyright: (c) Copyright 1999 
Bodo Moeller. All rights reserved), ec2 (Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, 
Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED), genrsa.pod (Copyright 2000-2017 The OpenSSL 
Project Authors. All Rights Reserved), gost2001 (Copyright (c) 2005-2006 
Cryptocom LTD), Charmap (Copyright: Written by Dr Stephen N Henson), 
hwcryptohook (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young), ia64 (Copyright: 
Written by Andy Polyakov), modes_lcl (Copyright (c) 2010 The OpenSSL 
Project. All rights reserved), s_client (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric 
Young), sha256 (Copyright (c) 2004 The OpenSSL Project. All rights 
reserved), sparct4-mont (Copyright: Written by David S. Miller), 
vms_term_sock (Copyright 2016 VMS Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved),
libressl2.7-libssl (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young), 
hostname.c (Copyright (C) 2014 Space Monkey, Inc.)
  

BSD OpenSSL
Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD OPEN SSL LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD CODEHAUS LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD Codehaus:

Classworlds 1.1 

Copyright 2002 (C) The Codehaus. All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright
statements and notices. Redistributions must also contain a
copy of this document.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

3. The name "classworlds" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this Software without prior written
permission of The Codehaus. For written permission, please 
contact bob@codehaus.org.

4. Products derived from this Software may not be called "classworlds"
nor may "classworlds" appear in their names without prior written
permission of The Codehaus. "classworlds" is a registered
trademark of The Codehaus.

5. Due credit should be given to The Codehaus.
(http://classworlds.codehaus.org/).
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CODEHAUS AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE CODEHAUS OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD CODEHAUS LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD SSLEAY LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the BSD SSLeay License

Libressl

SSLeay License
 
/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]

END OF BSD SSLEAY LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD-EQUIVALENT LICENSE

asan_interface.hm, (No Copyright Statement) common_interface_defs.h 
(No Copyright Statement),  lsan_interface.h (No Copyright Statement)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software")
, to deal with the Software without restriction, including without 
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, 
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to 
whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following 
conditions:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the names of <NAME OF DEVELOPMENT GROUP>, <NAME OF INSTITUTION>,
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote 
products derived from this Software without specific prior written 
permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 

MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.

BSD-EQUIVALENT

OpensSSL [grpcio 1.18.0], OpenSSL [grpcio 1.6.0], 
ASM [spring-core 3.1.4]

OpenSSL License

Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:\
 
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
   the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
   software must display the following acknowledgment:
   "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
   for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"

4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
   openssl-core@openssl.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
   nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
   permission of the OpenSSL Project.

6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
   acknowledgment:\
   "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
   for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES:
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


stdint.h -for MSVC [python-cfsuite 0.9.6]

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must not misrepresent the orignal
source in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution.

The names of the authors nor its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


XMLPull [Plexus-Utils 3.0.10], XMLPULL [Plexus-Utils 3.0.0] 

Indiana University Extreme! Lab Software License, Version 1.2
*
* Copyright (C) 2003 The Trustees of Indiana University.
* All rights reserved.
*
* Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
* modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
* met:
*
* 1) All redistributions of source code must retain the above
* copyright notice, the list of authors in the original source
* code, this list of conditions and the disclaimer listed in this
* license;
*
* 2) All redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
* copyright notice, this list of conditions and the disclaimer
* listed in this license in the documentation and/or other
* materials provided with the distribution;
*
* 3) Any documentation included with all redistributions must include
* the following acknowledgement:
*
* "This product includes software developed by the Indiana
* University Extreme! Lab. For further information please visit
* http://www.extreme.indiana.edu/"
*
* Alternatively, this acknowledgment may appear in the software
* itself, and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally
* appear.
*
* 4) The name "Indiana University" or "Indiana University
* Extreme! Lab" shall not be used to endorse or promote
* products derived from this software without prior written
* permission from Indiana University. For written permission,
* please contact http://www.extreme.indiana.edu/.
*
* 5) Products derived from this software may not use "Indiana
* University" name nor may "Indiana University" appear in their name,
* without prior written permission of the Indiana University.
*
* Indiana University provides no reassurances that the source code
* provided does not infringe the patent or any other intellectual
* property rights of any other entity. Indiana University disclaims any
* liability to any recipient for claims brought by any other entity
* based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise.
*
* LICENSEE UNDERSTANDS THAT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" FOR WHICH
* NO WARRANTIES AS TO CAPABILITIES OR ACCURACY ARE MADE. INDIANA
* UNIVERSITY GIVES NO WARRANTIES AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT
* SOFTWARE IS FREE OF INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, OR
* OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. INDIANA UNIVERSITY MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT
* SOFTWARE IS FREE FROM "BUGS", "VIRUSES", "TROJAN HORSES", "TRAP
* DOORS", "WORMS", OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE. LICENSEE ASSUMES THE ENTIRE
* RISK AS TO THE PERFORMANCE OF SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS,
* AND TO THE PERFORMANCE AND VALIDITY OF INFORMATION GENERATED USING
* SOFTWARE.


END OF BSD-EQUIVALENT LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


MICROSTAR LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the MicroStar License:

AElfred, Version 1.2
Microstar's Java-Based XML Parser
Copyright (c) 1997, 1998 by Microstar Software Ltd.
Home Page: http://www.microstar.com/XML/

AElfred is free for both commercial and non-commercial use and redistribution, 
provided that Microstar's copyright and disclaimer are retained intact. You are 
free to modify AElfred for your own use and to redistribute AElfred with your 
modifications, provided that the modifications are clearly documented.

DISCLAIMER

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY 
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a 
particular purpose. Please use it AT YOUR OWN RISK.

END OF MICROSTAR LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Common Development and Distribution License.

JBOSS-JAXRS-API_2.1_SPEC
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jboss.spec.javax.ws.rs/jboss-jaxrs-api_2.1_spec),
JBOSS-ANNOTATIONS-API_1.3_SPEC
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jboss.spec.javax.annotation/jboss-annotations-api_1.3_spec),
JAXB-API
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jboss.spec.javax.annotation/jboss-annotations-api_1.3_spec),
JBOSS-JAXB-API_2.3_SPEC
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/jboss/spec/javax/xml/bind/jboss-jaxb-api_2.3_spec/1.0.0.Final/
jboss-jaxb-api_2.3_spec-1.0.0.Final-source-release.zip),
REST [Zookeeper]
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/zookeeper/zookeeper/3.4.8/zookeeper-3.4.8-sources.jar),
ACTIVATION
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/javax/activation/activation/1.1.1/activation-1.1.1-sources.jar),
JERSEY-CLIENT
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/sun/jersey/jersey-client/1.19/jersey-client-1.19-sources.jar),
JBOSS-ANNOTATIONS-API_1.2_SPEC
(targetskills.warWEB-INFlibjboss-annotations-api_1.2_spec-1.0.0.Final.jar),
JAVAX.WS.RS-API
(http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax/ws/rs/javax.ws.rs-api/2.1.1/javax.ws.rs-api-2.1.1-sources.jar),
activation
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.activation/activation),
aopalliance-repackaged
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2.external/aopallian
ce-repackaged), Applicationpath.java
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/com/sun/jersey/jersey-core/1.11/jersey-
core-1.11-sources.jar), Filter.java
(http://grepcode.com/snapshot/repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax.servlet/servl
et-api/2.5), grizzly (https://grizzly.dev.java.net/), hk2-api
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2/hk2-api),
hk2-locator
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2/hk2-locator),
hk2-utils (https://www.versioneye.com/java/org.glassfish.hk2:hk2-utils),
javaee_5.xsd
(https://www.versioneye.com/java/org.apache.tomcat.embed:tomcat-embed-co
re/8.5.4), javax.annotation-api-1.2 (Not Required), javax.inject
(http://grepcode.com/snapshot/repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax.inject/javax.
inject/1), javax.json (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.json),
javax.json-api (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.json),
javax.json-api-1 (Not Required), javax.json-api-1.1.2 (Not Required),
javax.servlet-3.0.0.v20111201 (Not Required), javax.servlet-api
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.json), javax.ws.rs-api-2.0.1
(Not Required), jaxb-api-2.2 (Not Required), jaxb-api-2.2.2 (Not
Required), jaxb-impl
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.xml.bind/jaxb-impl),
jaxb-impl-2.2.3.1 (Not Required), jersey (https://jersey.dev.java.net/),
Jersey-Apache-client4
(http://www.java2s.com/Code/Jar/j/Downloadjerseyapacheclient41171sources
jar.htm), jersey-apache-client4-1.11 (Not Required),
jersey-apache-client4-1.19 (Not Required), jersey-apache-client4-1.19.1
(Not Required), Jersey-apache-connector
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.jersey.connectors/jers
ey-apache-connector/), jersey-client-1.19.1 (Not Required),
jersey-client-1.19.4 (Not Required), jersey-client-2.24 (Not Required),
jersey-common-2.24 (Not Required), jersey-container-servlet-2.24 (Not
Required), jersey-container-servlet-core-2.24 (Not Required),
jersey-core
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/com/sun/jersey/jersey-core/1.11/jersey-
core-1.11-sources.jar), jersey-core-1.17.1 (Not Required),
jersey-core-1.18.1 (Not Required), jersey-core-1.19 (Not Required),
jersey-core-1.19.1 (Not Required), jersey-entity-filtering
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/glassfish/jersey/ext/jersey-entity-
filtering), jersey-guava-2.24 (Not Required), jersey-media-jaxb-2.24
(Not Required), jersey-media-json-jackson
(https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/org/glassfish/jersey/media/jersey-
media-json-jackson/), jersey-media-multipart
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.jersey.media/jersey-me
dia-multipart/), jersey-server-2.24 (Not Required), jsr250-api-1 (Not
Required), jsr311-api-1.1.1 (Not Required), mimepull
(https://java.net/projects/mimepull/sources/svn/show/tags/mimepull),
osgi-resource-locator-1.0.1 (Not Required), rest
(http://zookeeper.apache.org/releases.html), JSR311-API (Not Required), 
JERSEY-GUICE (Not Required), JERSEY-SERVER
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-server/1.18.1),
STAX-API (Not Required), 
JERSEY-CORE (Not Required),
JERSEY-APACHE-CLIENT4-1.19.1 (Not Required), 
JAVAX.JSON (Not Required),
JERSEY-SERVLET
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-servlet/1.18.1),
REST [Zookeeper]
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/zookeeper/zookeeper/3.4.8/zookeeper
-3.4.8-sources.jar),
JERSEY-JSON
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-json/1.18.1),
JERSEY-CLIENT
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-client/1.18.1),
JAXB-API-2.2.2 (Not Required), 
JAVAX.SERVLET-API (Not Required), 
JERSEY-CORE-1.19.1 (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-core/),
JAXB-API-2.2 (Not Required), 
JERSEY-APACHE-CLIENT4 (Not Required),
JAVAX.JSON-API (Not Required), 
AXB-IMPL-2.2.1.1 (Not Required),
JERSEY-CLIENT-1.19.4 (Not Required), 
ACTIVATION (Not Required),
JAXB-IMPL-2.2.3.1 (Not Required), 
JSR250-API (Not Required), 
SERVLET-API [lucene-spatial3d]
(http://search.maven.org/remotecontent?filepath=org/apache/lucene/lucene-spatial3d
/5.5.0/lucene-spatial3d-5.5.2-sources.jar),
JAVAX.INJECT (http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/glassfish/hk2/external/javax.
inject/), JAVAX.SERLET [Lucene] (https://projects.apache.org/project.html?lucene-core)


END OF COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Common Public License (source code available via the indicated
URL):

JUNIT (http://registry.npmjs.org/gentle-fs/-/gentle-fs-2.2.1.tgz
), 
JUnit (Https://github.com/junit-team/junit4/blob/master/doc/
ReleaseNotes4.10.md), 
Lucene Junit (https://lucene.apache.org/core), 
JNR-POSIX-3.0.27 (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.jnr/jnr-posix)



END OF COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Eclipse Public License (source code available via the
indicated URL):

ZOOINSPECTOR [Zookeeper]
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/zookeeper/zookeeper/3.4.8/zookeeper-
3.4.8-sources.jar), aether-api (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.
aether/aether-api), aether-util (https://www.versioneye.com/java/org.eclipse.
aether:aether-util), Eclipse Sisu (http://www.eclipse.org/sisu), 
eclipse.jdt.annotation (central.maven.org/maven2/org/eclipse/jdt/org.eclipse.
jdt.annotation/1.1.0/org.eclipse.jdt.annotation-1.1.0-sources.jar), Jacoco
(http://www.jacoco.org/jacoco/), jacoco-maven-plugin
(central.maven.org/maven2/org/jacoco/jacoco-maven-plugin/0.8.1/jacoco-ma
ven-plugin-0.8.1.jar), jacocoagent-0.7.6.201602180812 (central.maven.org/maven2
/org/jacoco/), jansi/DefaultJansiRuntimeResolver.java (HawtJNI)
(nativeintegration/jansi/DefaultJansiRuntimeResolver.java), Jetty
(http://archive.eclipse.org/jetty/9.2.10.v20150310/dist/),
jnr-posix-3.0.27 (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.github.jnr/jnr-posix), 
Junit (central.maven.org/maven2/org/jmockit/jmockit-coverage/1.23/jmockit-cove
rage-1.23.jar), junit-3.8.1 (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/junit/junit), 
junit-4.11 (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/junit/junit), 
junit-4.12 (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/junit/junit), 
junit-4.8.2 (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/junit/junit), logback-core
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/ch.qos.logback/logback-core/1.1.3),
Lucene Analysis (https://lucene.apache.org/core), nexus-client-core
(central.maven.org/maven2/org/sonatype/nexus/nexus-client-core/2.9.1-02/
nexus-client-core-2.9.1-02-sources.jar), nexus-common
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/sonatype/nexus/maven/nexus-common/1
.6.7/), nexus-restlet1x-model
(http://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/org/sonatype/nexus/plugins/nexus-re
stlet1x-model/2.9.1-02/), nexus-staging-maven-plugin
(central.maven.org/maven2/org/sonatype/plugins/nexus-staging-maven-plugi
n/1.6.7/nexus-staging-maven-plugin-1.6.7-sources.jar),
org.eclipse.sisu.inject-0.0.0.m5 (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.
eclipse.sisu/org.eclipse.sisu.inject), org.eclipse.sisu.plexus-0.0.0.m5 
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.sisu/org.eclipse.sisu.plexus),
org.jacoco.agent-0.7.6.201602 (http://www.jacoco.org/jac), siesta
(https://github.com/sonatype/siesta/releases/tag/release-1.7),
sisu-inject-bean
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.sisu/sisu-inject-bean/2
.1.1), zooinspector (http://zookeeper.apache.org/releases.html), 
JTS TOPOLOGY SUITE [Lucene]
(https://projects.apache.org/project.html?lucene-core), SISU.PLEXUS
(https://github.com/eclipse/sisu.plexus/tree/milestones/0.3.0.M1), JUNIT
(Not Required), JACOCO-MAVEN-PLUGIN (Not Required),
SISU-INJECT-PLEXUS-2.3.0 (Not Required), AETHER-UTIL (Not Required), THE
ECLIPSE FOUNDATION [Maven-plugin-api]
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/maven/maven-plugin-api/3.1.0/),
SISU.INJECT
(central.maven.org/maven2/org/eclipse/sisu/org.eclipse.sisu.inject/0.3.0.M1/org.
eclipse.sisu.inject-0.3.0.M1-sources.jar),
OW2 [spring-core] (https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework/
tree/v3.1.2.RELEASE),
AETHER-SPI-1.0.0.V20140518 (Not Required), ORG.ECLIPSE.SISU.INJECT
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.sisu/org.eclipse.sisu.inject/
0.0.0.M5),  JACOCO.REPORT  (central.maven.org/maven2/org/jacoco/org.jacoco.report/
0.8.1/org.jacoco.report-0.8.1-sources.jar),
JACOCOAGENT (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jacoco/org.jacoco.agent/0.8.1 ),
AETHER-IMPL-1.0.0.V20140518 (Not Required), AETHER-UTIL-1.0.0.V20140518
(Not Required), C3P0-0.9.1.1 (Not Required), JACOCO.CORE
(central.maven.org/maven2/org/jacoco/org.jacoco.core/0.8.1/org.jacoco.core-0.8.1
-sources.jar), SISU-INJECT-BEAN-2.3.0 (Not Required), ZOOINSPECTOR [Zookeeper]
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/apache/zookeeper/zookeeper/3.4.8/
zookeeper-3.4.8-sources.jar), AETHER-API-1.0.0.V20140518 (Not Required), 
ORG.ECLIPSE.SISU.PLEXUS
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.sisu/org.eclipse.sisu.plexus/0.0.0.M5)

END OF ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Erlang Public License v1.1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Erlang Public License, Version 1.1 (source code available v
ia the indicated URL)

pg2_fixed.erl  (https://bintray.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-server-rpm/download
_file?file_path=rabbitmq-server-3.6.9-1.el7.src.rpm)

END OF ERLANG PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained under
the INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE.

DECCONTEXT.CPP [NodeJS], ICU4J [lucene-spatial3d], 
ICU [Lucene-core], ICU4J-58.1, ICU4J-58.2

ICU License - ICU 1.8.1 and later 

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE 

Copyright (c) 1995-2014 International Business Machines Corporation and 
others 

All rights reserved. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to 
whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above 
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of 
the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this 
permission notice appear in supporting documentation. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS 
INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS 
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall 
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or 
other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of 
the copyright holder. 

All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the 
property of their respective owners. 

Third-Party Software Licenses

This section contains third-party software notices and/or additional 
terms for licensed third-party software components included within ICU 
libraries. 

1. Unicode Data Files and Software
   
   EXHIBIT 1
   
   UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE
   
   Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and 
   http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include 
   PDF online code charts under the directory 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/. Software includes any source code 
   published in the Unicode Standard or under the directories 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and 
   http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. 
   
   NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY 
   DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S 
   DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU 
   UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND 
   CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, 
   INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE. 
   
   COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE 
   
   Copyright Â© 1991-2014 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed 
   under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html. 
   
   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
   a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation 
   (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated 
   documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software 
   without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
   copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the 
   Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files 
   or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above 
   copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies 
   of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) 
   and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and 
   (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the 
   Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data 
   File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified. 
   
   THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF 
   ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
   NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
   COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
   CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY 
   DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, 
   WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS 
   ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE 
   OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE. 
   
   Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder 
   shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, 
   use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior 
   written authorization of the copyright holder. 
   
   Unicode and the Unicode logo are trademarks of Unicode, Inc. in the 
   United States and other countries. All third party trademarks 
   referenced herein are the property of their respective owners. 
   

2. Chinese/Japanese Word Break Dictionary Data (cjdict.txt)

 #  The Google Chrome software developed by Google is licensed under
 #  the BSD license. Other software included in this distribution is 
 #  provided under other licenses, as set forth below.
 #
 #  The BSD License
 #  http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php 
 #  Copyright (C) 2006-2008, Google Inc.
 #
 #  All rights reserved.
 #
 #  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 #  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 #  are met:
 #
 #  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
 #  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 #  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 #  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 # Neither the name of  Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors
 #  may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
 #  software without specific prior written permission.
 #
 #  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
 #  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
 #  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
 #  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 #  COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
 #  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
 #  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 #  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
 #  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 #  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
 #  ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
 #  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 #
 #  The word list in cjdict.txt are generated by combining three word
 #  lists listed below with further processing for compound word
 #  breaking. The frequency is generated with an iterative training
 #  against Google web corpora. 
 #
 #  * Libtabe (Chinese)
 #    - https://sourceforge.net/project/?group_id=1519
 #    - Its license terms and conditions are shown below.
 #
 #  * IPADIC (Japanese)
 #    - http://chasen.aist-nara.ac.jp/chasen/distribution.html
 #    - Its license terms and conditions are shown below.
 #
 #  ---------COPYING.libtabe ---- BEGIN--------------------
 #
 #  /*
 #   * Copyrighy (c) 1999 TaBE Project.
 #   * Copyright (c) 1999 Pai-Hsiang Hsiao.
 #   * All rights reserved.
 #   *
 #   * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or 
 #   * without modification, are permitted provided that the following
 #   * conditions are met:
 #   *
 #   * . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 #   *   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #   * . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #   *   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #   *   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #   *   with the distribution.
 #   * . Neither the name of the TaBE Project nor the names of its
 #   *   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
 #   *   from this software without specific prior written permission.
 #   *
 #   * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
 #   * CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
 #   * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
 #   * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
 #   * DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
 #   * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
 #   * OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
 #   * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
 #   * OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
 #   * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
 #   * TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
 #   * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 #   * OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
 #   */
 #  
 #  /*
 #   * Copyright (c) 1999 Computer Systems and Communication Lab,
 #   *                    Institute of Information Science, Academia
 #   *                    Sinica.
 #   * All rights reserved.
 #   *
 #   * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or 
 #   * without modification, are permitted provided that the following 
 #   * conditions are met:
 #   *
 #   * . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 #   *   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #   * . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #   *   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #   *   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #   *   with the distribution.
 #   * . Neither the name of the Computer Systems and Communication Lab
 #   *   nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
 #   *   promote products derived from this software without specific
 #   *   prior written permission.
 #   *
 #   * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
 #   * CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
 #   * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
 #   * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
 #   * DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
 #   * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
 #   * OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
 #   * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
 #   * OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
 #   * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
 #   * TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
 #   * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 #   * OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
 #   */
 #  
 #  Copyright 1996 Chih-Hao Tsai @ Beckman Institute, University of 
 #  Illinois c-tsai4@uiuc.edu  http://casper.beckman.uiuc.edu/~c-tsai4
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.libtabe-----END------------------------------
 #  
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.ipadic-----BEGIN-----------------------------
 #  
 #  Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Nara Institute of Science
 #  and Technology.  All Rights Reserved.
 #  
 #  Use, reproduction, and distribution of this software is permitted.
 #  Any copy of this software, whether in its original form or modified,
 #  must include both the above copyright notice and the following
 #  paragraphs.
 #  
 #  Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST),
 #  the copyright holders, disclaims all warranties with regard to this
 #  software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and
 #  fitness, in no event shall NAIST be liable for
 #  any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
 #  whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in 
 #  an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising 
 #  out of or in connection with the use or performance of this 
 #  software. 
 #
 #  A large portion of the dictionary entries originate from ICOT Free 
 #  Software. The following conditions for ICOT Free Software applies to 
 #  the current dictionary as well. 
 #
 #  Each User may also freely distribute the Program, whether in its
 #  original form or modified, to any third party or parties, PROVIDED
 #  that the provisions of Section 3 ("NO WARRANTY") will ALWAYS appear
 #  on, or be attached to, the Program, which is distributed 
 #  substantially in the same form as set out herein and that such 
 #  intended distribution, if actually made, will neither violate or 
 #  otherwise contravene any of the laws and regulations of the 
 #  countries having jurisdiction over the User or the intended 
 #  distribution itself. 
 #
 #  NO WARRANTY
 #  
 #  The program was produced on an experimental basis in the course of 
 #  the research and development conducted during the project and is 
 #  provided to users as so produced on an experimental basis.  
 #  Accordingly, the program is provided without any warranty 
 #  whatsoever, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise.  
 #  The term "warranty" used herein includes, but is not limited to, any 
 #  warranty of the quality, performance, merchantability and fitness 
 #  for a particular purpose of the program and the nonexistence of any 
 #  infringement or violation of any right of any third party.
 #  
 #  Each user of the program will agree and understand, and be deemed to
 #  have agreed and understood, that there is no warranty whatsoever for
 #  the program and, accordingly, the entire risk arising from or
 #  otherwise connected with the program is assumed by the user.
 #  
 #  Therefore, neither ICOT, the copyright holder, or any other
 #  organization that participated in or was otherwise related to the
 #  development of the program and their respective officials, 
 #  directors, officers and other employees shall be held liable for any 
 #  and all damages, including, without limitation, general, special, 
 #  incidental and consequential damages, arising out of or otherwise in 
 #  connection with the use or inability to use the program or any 
 #  product, material or result produced or otherwise obtained by using 
 #  the program, regardless of whether they have been advised of, or 
 #  otherwise had knowledge of, the possibility of such damages at any 
 #  time during the project or thereafter.  Each user will be deemed to 
 #  have agreed to the foregoing by his or her commencement of use of 
 #  the program.  The term "use" as used herein includes, but is not 
 #  limited to, the use, modification, copying and distribution of the 
 #  program and the production of secondary products from the program.
 #  
 #  In the case where the program, whether in its original form or
 #  modified, was distributed or delivered to or received by a user from
 #  any person, organization or entity other than ICOT, unless it makes 
 #  or grants independently of ICOT any specific warranty to the user in
 #  writing, such person, organization or entity, will also be exempted
 #  from and not be held liable to the user for any such damages as 
 #  noted above as far as the program is concerned.
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.ipadic-----END-------------------------------

3. Lao Word Break Dictionary Data (laodict.txt)

 #  Copyright (c) 2013 International Business Machines Corporation
 #  and others. All Rights Reserved.
 #
 #  Project:    http://code.google.com/p/lao-dictionary/
 #  Dictionary: http://lao-dictionary.googlecode.com/git/Lao-Dictionary.txt
 #  License:    http://lao-dictionary.googlecode.com/git/Lao-Dictionary-LICENSE.txt
 #              (copied below)
 #
 #  This file is derived from the above dictionary, with slight 
 #  modifications. 
 #  --------------------------------------------------------------------
 #  Copyright (C) 2013 Brian Eugene Wilson, Robert Martin Campbell.
 #  All rights reserved.
 #
 #  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
 #  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
 #  are met:
 #
 #      Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
 #      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 #      Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #      with the distribution.
 #
 #  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
 #  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
 #  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
 #  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
 #  COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
 #  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, 
 #  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
 #  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
 #  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
 #  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN 
 #  ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
 #  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 #  --------------------------------------------------------------------

4. Time Zone Database

  ICU uses the public domain data and code derived from Time Zone 
  Database for its time zone support. The ownership of the TZ database 
  is explained in BCP 175: Procedure for Maintaining the Time Zone 
  Database section 7.

  7.  Database Ownership

    The TZ database itself is not an IETF Contribution or an IETF
    document. Rather it is a pre-existing and regularly updated work
    that is in the public domain, and is intended to remain in the 
    public domain. Therefore, BCPs 78 [RFC5378] and 79 [RFC3979] do not 
    apply to the TZ Database or contributions that individuals make to 
    it. Should any claims be made and substantiated against the TZ 
    Database, the organization that is providing the IANA Considerations 
    defined in this RFC, under the memorandum of understanding with the 
    IETF, currently ICANN, may act in accordance with all competent 
    court orders. No ownership claims will be made by ICANN or the IETF 
    Trust on the database or the code.  Any person making a contribution
    to the database or code waives all rights to future claims in that
    contribution or in the TZ Database.

END OF INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ISC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the ISC License.

NPM-PACKAGE-ARG (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), FIGGY-PUDDING
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), LIBNPM (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), ES5-EXT
(Copyright (c) 2011-2019 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), TYPE
(Copyright (c) 2019 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), APROBA
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>), NPM-AUDIT-REPORT
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), LIBNPX (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), IGNORE-WALK
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), LIBNPMHOOK
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), INIT-PACKAGE-JSON (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter), MINIPASS (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors), SEMVER
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), MAKE-FETCH-HAPPEN
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), CMD-SHIM (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and
Contributors), SSRI (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), ARE-WE-THERE-YET
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), MUTE-STREAM (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), NPM-PICK-MANIFEST (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
READ (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), TAR (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), QW (Copyright (c) 2016 Rebecca
Turner <me@re-becca.org>), LRU-CACHE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), NPM-LOGICAL-TREE (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
NPM-PACKLIST (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
HOSTED-GIT-INFO (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), COPY-CONCURRENTLY
(Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>), ES6-WEAK-MAP
(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), SLIDE
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), NPM-REGISTRY-CLIENT (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), Y18N (Copyright (c) 2015
Contributors), HAR-VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassri
<ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>), ABBREV (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
SETPROTOTYPEOF (Copyright (c) 2015 Wes Todd), READ-PACKAGE-JSON
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), READ-INSTALLED (Copyright (c) Isaac
Z. Schlueter), REQUEST-PROMISE (Copyright (c) 2017 Nicolai Kamenzky Ty
Abonil and contributors), DEZALGO (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), READ-PACKAGE-TREE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), RIMRAF (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), REQUEST-PROMISE-CORE (Copyright (c) 2016 Nicolai Kamenzky
and contributors), PROTO-LIST (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), RUN-QUEUE (No Copyright Statement), GLOB (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), PROMISE-INFLIGHT (Copyright (c)
2017 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>), CACACHE (Copyright (c) npm
Inc.), CHOWNR (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
FS-MINIPASS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
REQUESTS-OAUTHLIB (Copyright (c) 2014 Kenneth Reitz.),
NPM-REGISTRY-FETCH (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), PROMZARD (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter), FS-WRITE-STREAM-ATOMIC (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), WIDE-ALIGN (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca
Turner), WINGETOPT [confluent-kafka-python] (Copyright (c) 2002 Todd C.
Miller), LOCK-VERIFY (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), MOVE-CONCURRENTLY (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), OSENV (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), INHERITS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), JV_DTOA.C
[jq] (Copyright: 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies), D (Copyright
(c) 2013-2019 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), NPM-BUNDLED
(Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors), READDIR-SCOPED-MODULES
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), UNIQUE-SLUG (No
Copyright statement), NPM-PROFILE (Copyright npm Inc), SAX (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), CALL-LIMIT (No Copyright statement),
INFER-OWNER (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors), FS-VACUUM
(Copyright (c) 2015 Forrest L Norvell), LOCKFILE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), WRITE-FILE-ATOMIC (Copyright (c) 2015
Rebecca Turner), UNIQUE-FILENAME (No Copyright statement),
REQUEST-PROMISE-NATIVE (Copyright (c) 2017 Nicolai Kamenzky and
contributors), FSTREAM (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), STRINGIFY-PACKAGE (Copyright npm Inc),
VALIDATE-NPM-PACKAGE-NAME (Copyright (c) 2015 npm Inc),
NPM-CACHE-FILENAME (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors),
FIND-NPM-PREFIX (Copyright npm Inc), READ-CMD-SHIM (No Copyright
statement), YALLIST (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
abbrev -1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
ansi-align -2.0.0, (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributor),
aproba -1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), 
are-we-there-yet -1.1.4, (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner),
block-stream -0.0.9, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
cacache -10.0.4, (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
cacache -11.2.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
call-limit -1.1.0, (No Copyright Statement found), 
chownr -1.0.1, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
cliui -4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), 
console-control-strings -1.1.0, (Copyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org> ),
copy-concurrently -1.0.5, (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org),
Curve, (Copyright (c) 2015, Google Inc. ),
dezalgo -1.0.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
expat/macconfig.h,( Copyright 2000, Clark Cooper All rights reserved. ),
figgy-pudding -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) npm Inc), 
find-npm-prefix -1.0.2, (Copyright npm Inc), 
fs-minipass -1.2.5,( Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
fs-vacuum -1.2.10, (Copyright (c) 2015 Forrest L Norvell), 
fs-write-stream-atomic -1.0.10, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
fs.realpath -1.0.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors 
Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.), 
fstream -1.0.11, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
gauge -2.7.4, (Copyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org),
get-caller-file -1.0.2, (Copyright (c) Stefan Penner), 
glob -7.1.2 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
go-spew, (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Dave Collins ),
gopass , (Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey ),
graceful-fs -4.1.11,( Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter Ben Noordhuis and Contributors), 
har-schema -2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassr) ,  
har-validator -5.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassr), 
har-validator -5.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassr),  
has-unicode -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner), 
hosted-git-info -2.7.1, (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner),
icu4c-57.1 (Copyright (c) 1995-2014 International Business Machines Corporation and others ),
ignore-walk -3.0.1 , (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
inflight -1.0.6 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schluete)  ,  
inherits -2.0.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schluete) ,   
ini -1.3.5, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
init-package-json -1.10.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),   
isexe -2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),   
json-stringify-safe -5.0.1(Copyright(c)Isaac Z.Schlueter and Contributors),  
JSONSelect -0.4.0, (Copyright (c) 2011 Lloyd Hilaiel lloyd@hilaiel.com)  
libnpmhook -4.0.1 (Copyright (c) npm Inc) ,  
libnpx -10.2.0 (Copyright (c) npm Inc),  
libtls, (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel Sing ),
lock-verify -2.0.2 , (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org)  
lockfile -1.0.4, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),  
lru-cache -4.1.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
make-fetch-happen -3.0.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
make-fetch-happen -4.0.1, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
minimatch -3.0.4, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
minipass -2.3.3, (Copyright (c) npm, Inc. and Contributors ),
move-concurrently -1.0.1, (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org), 
nopt -3.0.6, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
nopt -4.0.1, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
npm-audit-report -1.3.1, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
npm-bundled -1.0.5, (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors),  
npm-cache-filename -1.0.2, (Copyright (c) npm Inc. and Contributors), 
npm-logical-tree -1.2.1, (Copyright (c) npm Inc. ),
npm-package-arg -6.1.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schluete), 
npm-packlist -1.1.11,( Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
npm-pick-manifest -2.1.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
npm-profile -3.0.2, (Copyright npm Inc),  
npm-registry-client -8.6.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
npm-registry-fetch -1.1.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc. ),
npm-registry-fetch -3.1.1, (Copyright (c) npm Inc. ),
npmlog -4.1.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
once -1.4.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
osenv -0.1.5, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
portable-2.5.5-0, (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel Sing <jsing@openbsd.org> ),
promise-inflight -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org), 
promzard -0.3.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), 
proto-list -1.2.4, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
pseudomap -1.0.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
qw -1.0.1, (Copyright (c) 2016 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org> ),
read -1.0.7, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
read-cmd-shim -1.0.1, (Copyright (c) 2015, Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org> ),
read-installed -4.0.3, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), 
read-package-json -2.0.13, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ),
read-package-tree -5.2.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
readdir-scoped-modules -1.0.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
require-main-filename -1.0.1, (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), 
rimraf -2.6.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
run-queue -1.0.3, (Copyright Rebecca Turner),
semver -5.3.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
semver -5.5.0, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
set-blocking -2.0.0, (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), 
setprototypeof -1.0.3, (Copyright (c) 2015 Wes Todd ),
signal-exit -3.0.2, (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors ),
slide -1.1.6, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter |),
ssri -5.3.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
ssri -6.0.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
stringify-package -1.0.0, (Copyright (c) npm Inc ),
tar -2.2.1, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
tar -4.4.6, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
uid-number -0.0.6, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)  
unique-filename -1.1.0, (Copyright npm, Inc), 
unique-slug -2.0.0, (Copyright npm, Inc ),
validate-npm-package-name -3.0.0, (Copyright  npm, Inc),
which -1.3.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
which-module -2.0.0, (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), 
wide-align -1.1.2, (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner me@re-becca.org), 
wrappy -1.0.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
write-file-atomic -2.3.0, (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), 
y18n -3.2.1, (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors ),
yallist -2.1.2, (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors ),
yargs-parser -9.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors),
nan (Copyright 2013, NAN contributors Rod Vagg Benjamin Byholm Trevor Norris 
Nathan Rajlich Brett Lawson Ben Noordhuis All rights reserved. ),
fs.realpath (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), glob 
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), glob-parent 
(Copyright (c) 2015 Elan Shanker), graceful-fs 1.2.3 (Copyright (c) 
Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author")), graceful-fs 4.1.11 (Copyright (c) Isaac 
Z. Schlueter  Ben Noordhuis  and Contributors), har-schema (Copyright 
(c) 2015  Ahmad Nassri ahmad@ahmadnassri.com), har-validator (Copyright 
(c) 2015  Ahmad Nassri ahmad@ahmadnassri.com), has-binary-data (Copyright 
(c) 2014 Kevin Roark), has-unicode (Copyright (c) 2014  Rebecca Turner 
<me@re-becca.org>), inflight (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), inherits 
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), ini (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), isexe (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
libtls (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel Sing), json-stringify-safe     (Copyright (c) 
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), lru-cache (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. 
Schlueter and Contributors), minimatch (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
 Contributors), natives (Copyright 2018 Isaac Z. Schlueter), nopt (Copyright 
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), once (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. 
Schlueter and Contributors), jv_dtoa.c(Copyright: 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent 
Technologies), npmlog-4.1.2  (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
osenv-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), poly1305 
(Copyright (c) 2014, Google Inc.),request-promise-core (Copyright (c) 2016 Nicolai 
Kamenzky and contributors), Request-Promise (Copyright (c) 2016 Ty Abonil, Nicolai
 Kamenzky), Rimraf (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), Semver 
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), set-blocking (Copyright (c) 
2016 Contributors), Sigmund (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), 
Signal-exit (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), stealthy-require (Copyright (c) 
2017 Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors), tar (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), uid-number (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), which (Copyright 
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), wide-align (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca 
Turner me@re-becca.org), setprototypt Copyright (c) 2015 Wes Todd), y18n 
(Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), wrappy (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and 
Contributors), GLOB-PARENT-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Elan Shanker), ANYMATCH-2.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Elan Shanker), INI-1.3.5 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), WHICH-MODULE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016
Contributors), SPLIT2-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Matteo Collina
<hello@matteocollina.com>), GRACEFUL-FS-4.1.15 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter Ben Noordhuis and Contributors), YALLIST-2.1.2 (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), IGNORE-BY-DEFAULT-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2016 Mark Wubben), CLIUI (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors),
MUTE-STREAM-0.0.5 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
YARGS-PARSER-5.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), ISEXE-2.0.0
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), WHICH-MODULE-2.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), HOSTED-GIT-INFO-2.7.1 (Copyright (c)
2015 Rebecca Turner), RIMRAF-2.5.4 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), ABBREV-1.0.9 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), REMOVE-TRAILING-SEPARATOR-1.1.0 (No Copyright Statement),
WHICH-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), NOPT,
ABBREV [istanbul] (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
REACT-SIMPLE-DROPDOWN (Copyright (c) 2015 Timothy Kempf
<tim@kemp59f.info>), WHICH-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), CLI-WIDTH (Copyright (c) 2015 Ilya Radchenko
<ilya@burstcreations.com>), GLOB-7.0.5 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), CLI-WIDTH-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Ilya Radchenko
<ilya@burstcreations.com>), UNIVERSAL-USER-AGENT (Copyright (c) 2018
Gregor Martynus), YARGS-PARSER-9.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors),
SPLIT2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Matteo Collina <hello@matteocollina.com>),
ABBREV-JS [istanbul] (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), REQUIRE-MAIN-FILENAME-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2016
Contributors), NOPT-3.0.6 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), INFLIGHT-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
GLOB-5.0.15 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
HOSTED-GIT-INFO-2.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner),
IS-RESOLVABLE-1.1.0 (Copyright 2018 Shinnosuke Watanabe),
CONVENTIONAL-CHANGELOG-ANGULAR (Copyright  Â© [conventional-changelog
team]), TOUCH-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
GET-CALLER-FILE-1.0.2 (No Copyright statement#), GET-CALLER-FILE-1.0.3
(Copyright 2018 Stefan Penner), ANSI-ALIGN-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016
Contributors), SEMVER-5.6.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), RIMRAF-2.6.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), SEMVER-5.4.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), HTTPS-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), RIMRAF-2.6.2
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), CLIUI-2.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), LRU-CACHE-4.1.2 (Copyright (c) Isaac
Z. Schlueter and Contributors), WHICH-1.2.11 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), LRU-CACHE-4.1.5 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), WHICH-1.2.14 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), WRITE-FILE-ATOMIC (Copyright (c) 2015
Rebecca Turner), CLI-WIDTH-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Ilya Radchenko
<ilya@burstcreations.com>), PROGRESS (Copyright (c) 2012 Giorgos
Verigakis <verigak@gmail.com>), PSEUDOMAP-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), VINYL-SOURCEMAPS-APPLY-0.2.1 (No Copyright
Statement), BROWSER-STDOUT-1.3.0 (No Copyright statement#),
ES5-EXT-0.10.47 (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo
medikoo.com), GLOB-7.1.3 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), ES5-EXT-0.10.46 (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Mariusz Nowak
@medikoo medikoo.com), CURVE [libressl2.7-libssl] 
(Copyright (c) 2015, Google Inc.), LIBTLS
[libressl] (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel Sing), GOPASS [Stolon] (Copyright
(c) 2012 Chris Howey), PORTABLE-2.5.5-0/LIBTLS-STANDALONE [libressl]
(Copyright (c) 2014 Joel Sing <jsing@openbsd.org>), GO-SPEW [Stolon]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Dave Collins), libtls [libressl] (Copyright (c) 
2014 Joel Sing)


ISC License

Copyright (c) 2004-2010 by Internet Systems Consortium, Inc. ("ISC") 
Copyright (c) 1995-2003 by Internet Software Consortium

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ISC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL ISC BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

END OF ISC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE
 (ICU) :

ICU4j (Lucene-Core) ÃƒÂ± Copyright (c) 1995-2008 International Business Machines Corporation and others


ICU License - ICU 1.8.1 and later 

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE 

Copyright (c) 1995-2014 International Business Machines Corporation and 
others 

All rights reserved. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to 
whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above 
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of 
the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this 
permission notice appear in supporting documentation. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS 
INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS 
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall 
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or 
other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of 
the copyright holder. 

All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned herein are the 
property of their respective owners. 

Third-Party Software Licenses

This section contains third-party software notices and/or additional 
terms for licensed third-party software components included within ICU 
libraries. 

1. Unicode Data Files and Software
   
   EXHIBIT 1
   
   UNICODE, INC. LICENSE AGREEMENT - DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE
   
   Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and 
   http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. Unicode Data Files do not include 
   PDF online code charts under the directory 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/. Software includes any source code 
   published in the Unicode Standard or under the directories 
   http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and 
   http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/. 
   
   NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY 
   DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S 
   DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU 
   UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND 
   CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, 
   INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE. 
   
   COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE 
   
   Copyright  Â© 1991-2014 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed 
   under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html. 
   
   Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
   a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation 
   (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated 
   documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software 
   without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, 
   copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the 
   Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files 
   or Software are furnished to do so, provided that (a) the above 
   copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies 
   of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the above copyright notice(s) 
   and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and 
   (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File or in the 
   Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data 
   File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified. 
   
   THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF 
   ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
   WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
   NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
   COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
   CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY 
   DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, 
   WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS 
   ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE 
   OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE. 
   
   Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder 
   shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, 
   use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior 
   written authorization of the copyright holder. 
   
   Unicode and the Unicode logo are trademarks of Unicode, Inc. in the 
   United States and other countries. All third party trademarks 
   referenced herein are the property of their respective owners. 
   

2. Chinese/Japanese Word Break Dictionary Data (cjdict.txt)

 #  The Google Chrome software developed by Google is licensed under
 #  the BSD license. Other software included in this distribution is 
 #  provided under other licenses, as set forth below.
 #
 #  The BSD License
 #  http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php 
 #  Copyright (C) 2006-2008, Google Inc.
 #
 #  All rights reserved.
 #
 #  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 #  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 #  are met:
 #
 #  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
 #  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 #  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 #  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 # Neither the name of  Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors
 #  may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
 #  software without specific prior written permission.
 #
 #  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
 #  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
 #  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
 #  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 #  COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
 #  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
 #  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 #  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
 #  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 #  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
 #  ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
 #  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 #
 #  The word list in cjdict.txt are generated by combining three word
 #  lists listed below with further processing for compound word
 #  breaking. The frequency is generated with an iterative training
 #  against Google web corpora. 
 #
 #  * Libtabe (Chinese)
 #    - https://sourceforge.net/project/?group_id=1519
 #    - Its license terms and conditions are shown below.
 #
 #  * IPADIC (Japanese)
 #    - http://chasen.aist-nara.ac.jp/chasen/distribution.html
 #    - Its license terms and conditions are shown below.
 #
 #  ---------COPYING.libtabe ---- BEGIN--------------------
 #
 #  /*
 #   * Copyrighy (c) 1999 TaBE Project.
 #   * Copyright (c) 1999 Pai-Hsiang Hsiao.
 #   * All rights reserved.
 #   *
 #   * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or 
 #   * without modification, are permitted provided that the following
 #   * conditions are met:
 #   *
 #   * . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 #   *   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #   * . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #   *   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #   *   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #   *   with the distribution.
 #   * . Neither the name of the TaBE Project nor the names of its
 #   *   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
 #   *   from this software without specific prior written permission.
 #   *
 #   * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
 #   * CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
 #   * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
 #   * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
 #   * DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
 #   * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
 #   * OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
 #   * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
 #   * OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
 #   * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
 #   * TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
 #   * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 #   * OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
 #   */
 #  
 #  /*
 #   * Copyright (c) 1999 Computer Systems and Communication Lab,
 #   *                    Institute of Information Science, Academia
 #   *                    Sinica.
 #   * All rights reserved.
 #   *
 #   * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or 
 #   * without modification, are permitted provided that the following 
 #   * conditions are met:
 #   *
 #   * . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 #   *   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 #   * . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #   *   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #   *   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #   *   with the distribution.
 #   * . Neither the name of the Computer Systems and Communication Lab
 #   *   nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
 #   *   promote products derived from this software without specific
 #   *   prior written permission.
 #   *
 #   * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND 
 #   * CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
 #   * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
 #   * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
 #   * DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
 #   * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
 #   * OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
 #   * PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, 
 #   * OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
 #   * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
 #   * TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
 #   * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
 #   * OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
 #   */
 #  
 #  Copyright 1996 Chih-Hao Tsai @ Beckman Institute, University of 
 #  Illinois c-tsai4@uiuc.edu  http://casper.beckman.uiuc.edu/~c-tsai4
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.libtabe-----END------------------------------
 #  
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.ipadic-----BEGIN-----------------------------
 #  
 #  Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Nara Institute of Science
 #  and Technology.  All Rights Reserved.
 #  
 #  Use, reproduction, and distribution of this software is permitted.
 #  Any copy of this software, whether in its original form or modified,
 #  must include both the above copyright notice and the following
 #  paragraphs.
 #  
 #  Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST),
 #  the copyright holders, disclaims all warranties with regard to this
 #  software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and
 #  fitness, in no event shall NAIST be liable for
 #  any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
 #  whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in 
 #  an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising 
 #  out of or in connection with the use or performance of this 
 #  software. 
 #
 #  A large portion of the dictionary entries originate from ICOT Free 
 #  Software. The following conditions for ICOT Free Software applies to 
 #  the current dictionary as well. 
 #
 #  Each User may also freely distribute the Program, whether in its
 #  original form or modified, to any third party or parties, PROVIDED
 #  that the provisions of Section 3 ("NO WARRANTY") will ALWAYS appear
 #  on, or be attached to, the Program, which is distributed 
 #  substantially in the same form as set out herein and that such 
 #  intended distribution, if actually made, will neither violate or 
 #  otherwise contravene any of the laws and regulations of the 
 #  countries having jurisdiction over the User or the intended 
 #  distribution itself. 
 #
 #  NO WARRANTY
 #  
 #  The program was produced on an experimental basis in the course of 
 #  the research and development conducted during the project and is 
 #  provided to users as so produced on an experimental basis.  
 #  Accordingly, the program is provided without any warranty 
 #  whatsoever, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise.  
 #  The term "warranty" used herein includes, but is not limited to, any 
 #  warranty of the quality, performance, merchantability and fitness 
 #  for a particular purpose of the program and the nonexistence of any 
 #  infringement or violation of any right of any third party.
 #  
 #  Each user of the program will agree and understand, and be deemed to
 #  have agreed and understood, that there is no warranty whatsoever for
 #  the program and, accordingly, the entire risk arising from or
 #  otherwise connected with the program is assumed by the user.
 #  
 #  Therefore, neither ICOT, the copyright holder, or any other
 #  organization that participated in or was otherwise related to the
 #  development of the program and their respective officials, 
 #  directors, officers and other employees shall be held liable for any 
 #  and all damages, including, without limitation, general, special, 
 #  incidental and consequential damages, arising out of or otherwise in 
 #  connection with the use or inability to use the program or any 
 #  product, material or result produced or otherwise obtained by using 
 #  the program, regardless of whether they have been advised of, or 
 #  otherwise had knowledge of, the possibility of such damages at any 
 #  time during the project or thereafter.  Each user will be deemed to 
 #  have agreed to the foregoing by his or her commencement of use of 
 #  the program.  The term "use" as used herein includes, but is not 
 #  limited to, the use, modification, copying and distribution of the 
 #  program and the production of secondary products from the program.
 #  
 #  In the case where the program, whether in its original form or
 #  modified, was distributed or delivered to or received by a user from
 #  any person, organization or entity other than ICOT, unless it makes 
 #  or grants independently of ICOT any specific warranty to the user in
 #  writing, such person, organization or entity, will also be exempted
 #  from and not be held liable to the user for any such damages as 
 #  noted above as far as the program is concerned.
 #  
 #  ---------------COPYING.ipadic-----END-------------------------------

3. Lao Word Break Dictionary Data (laodict.txt)

 #  Copyright (c) 2013 International Business Machines Corporation
 #  and others. All Rights Reserved.
 #
 #  Project:    http://code.google.com/p/lao-dictionary/
 #  Dictionary: http://lao-dictionary.googlecode.com/git/Lao-Dictionary.txt
 #  License:    http://lao-dictionary.googlecode.com/git/Lao-Dictionary-LICENSE.txt
 #              (copied below)
 #
 #  This file is derived from the above dictionary, with slight 
 #  modifications. 
 #  --------------------------------------------------------------------
 #  Copyright (C) 2013 Brian Eugene Wilson, Robert Martin Campbell.
 #  All rights reserved.
 #
 #  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
 #  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
 #  are met:
 #
 #      Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
 #      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 #      Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
 #      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
 #      disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided 
 #      with the distribution.
 #
 #  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
 #  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
 #  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
 #  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
 #  COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
 #  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, 
 #  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
 #  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
 #  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
 #  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN 
 #  ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
 #  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 #  --------------------------------------------------------------------

4. Time Zone Database

  ICU uses the public domain data and code derived from Time Zone 
  Database for its time zone support. The ownership of the TZ database 
  is explained in BCP 175: Procedure for Maintaining the Time Zone 
  Database section 7.

  7.  Database Ownership

    The TZ database itself is not an IETF Contribution or an IETF
    document. Rather it is a pre-existing and regularly updated work
    that is in the public domain, and is intended to remain in the 
    public domain. Therefore, BCPs 78 [RFC5378] and 79 [RFC3979] do not 
    apply to the TZ Database or contributions that individuals make to 
    it. Should any claims be made and substantiated against the TZ 
    Database, the organization that is providing the IANA Considerations 
    defined in this RFC, under the memorandum of understanding with the 
    IETF, currently ICANN, may act in accordance with all competent 
    court orders. No ownership claims will be made by ICANN or the IETF 
    Trust on the database or the code.  Any person making a contribution
    to the database or code waives all rights to future claims in that
    contribution or in the TZ Database.

END OF INTERNATIONAL COMPONENTS FOR UNICODE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

JDOM LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the JDOM License:

jdom, JTS TESTS [Lucene], XSTREAM

JDOM license

Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer. 

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
   notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows these 
   conditions in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
   distribution. 

3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products 
   derived from this software without prior written permission. For written 
   permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. 

4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor may 
   "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission from the 
   JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. 

In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the 
end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the 
software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following: 

"This product includes software developed by the JDOM Project 
(http://www.jdom.org/)." 

Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos 
available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos . 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN 
NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many 
individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally created by 
Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and Brett McLaughlin 
<brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. For more information on the JDOM Project, 
please see http://www.jdom.org/. 

END OF JDOM LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE

JSHINT.JS [jQuery]

Copyright (c) 2002 JSON.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 


END OF JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

JTIDY LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the JTidy License:

JTidy (Copyright (c) 1998-2000 World Wide Web Consortium)

Java HTML Tidy - JTidy
HTML parser and pretty printer

Copyright (c) 1998-2000 World Wide Web Consortium (Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en
Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights
Reserved.

Contributing Author(s):

Dave Raggett <dsr@w3.org>
Andy Quick <ac.quick@sympatico.ca> (translation to Java)
Gary L Peskin <garyp@firstech.com> (Java development)
Sami Lempinen <sami@lempinen.net> (release management)
Fabrizio Giustina <fgiust at users.sourceforge.net>

The contributing author(s) would like to thank all those who
helped with testing, bug fixes, and patience. This wouldn't
have been possible without all of you.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE:

This software and documentation is provided "as is," and
the copyright holders and contributing author(s) make no
representations or warranties, express or implied, including
but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness
for any particular purpose or that the use of the software or
documentation will not infringe any third party patents,
copyrights, trademarks or other rights.

The copyright holders and contributing author(s) will not be
liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages
arising out of any use of the software or documentation, even if
advised of the possibility of such damage.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute
this source code, or portions hereof, documentation and executables,
for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.
2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must
not be misrepresented as being the original source.
3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any
source or altered source distribution.

The copyright holders and contributing author(s) specifically
permit, without fee, and encourage the use of this source code
as a component for supporting the Hypertext Markup Language in
commercial products. If you use this source code in a product,
acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated.

END OF JTIDY LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Library General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send an email 
to watsonrequest@us.ibm.com identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third 
Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

Annotations
\com\vividsolutions\jts\algorithm\RobustDeterminant.java,
CGAlgorithmsDD, codegen, gLib, gmodule, Jts, OpenSource mapping toolkit,
quadmath.h quadmath_weak.h, RobustDeterminant, vasnprintf.h, 
ROBUSTDETERMINANT [Jts], OPENSOURCE MAPPING TOOLKIT [Jts], JTS,
CGALGORITHMSDD [Jts],
\COM\VIVIDSOLUTIONS\JTS\ALGORITHM\ROBUSTDETERMINANT.JAVA [Jts]



                  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, June 1991

 Copyright (C) 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the library GPL.  It is
 numbered 2 because it goes with version 2 of the ordinary GPL.]

                            Preamble

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

  This license, the Library General Public License, applies to some
specially designated Free Software Foundation software, and to any
other libraries whose authors decide to use it.  You can use it for
your libraries, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if
you distribute copies of the library, or if you modify it.

  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
code.  If you link a program with the library, you must provide
complete object files to the recipients so that they can relink them
with the library, after making changes to the library and recompiling
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

  Our method of protecting your rights has two steps: (1) copyright
the library, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

  Also, for each distributor's protection, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
library.  If the library is modified by someone else and passed on, we
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original
version, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on
the original authors' reputations.

  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that companies distributing free
software will individually obtain patent licenses, thus in effect
transforming the program into proprietary software.  To prevent this,
we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's
free use or not licensed at all.

  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary
GNU General Public License, which was designed for utility programs.  This
license, the GNU Library General Public License, applies to certain
designated libraries.  This license is quite different from the ordinary
one; be sure to read it in full, and don't assume that anything in it is
the same as in the ordinary license.

  The reason we have a separate public license for some libraries is that
they blur the distinction we usually make between modifying or adding to a
program and simply using it.  Linking a program with a library, without
changing the library, is in some sense simply using the library, and is
analogous to running a utility program or application program.  However, in
a textual and legal sense, the linked executable is a combined work, a
derivative of the original library, and the ordinary General Public License
treats it as such.

  Because of this blurred distinction, using the ordinary General
Public License for libraries did not effectively promote software
sharing, because most developers did not use the libraries.  We
concluded that weaker conditions might promote sharing better.

  However, unrestricted linking of non-free programs would deprive the
users of those programs of all benefit from the free status of the
libraries themselves.  This Library General Public License is intended to
permit developers of non-free programs to use free libraries, while
preserving your freedom as a user of such programs to change the free
libraries that are incorporated in them.  (We have not seen how to achieve
this as regards changes in header files, but we have achieved it as regards
changes in the actual functions of the Library.)  The hope is that this
will lead to faster development of free libraries.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The
former contains code derived from the library, while the latter only
works together with the library.

  Note that it is possible for a library to be covered by the ordinary
General Public License rather than by this special one.

                  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized
party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Library
General Public License (also called "this License").  Each licensee is
addressed as "you".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.
  
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.

  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally
distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.

  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
this License.

  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Library General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.

  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

                            NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                     
END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Lesser General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send an email 
to watsonrequest@us.ibm.com identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third 
Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

bsh, chardet, platform, WinUser.java, ToNativeConverter.java
Geotools2, libintl, libproc, LibXdiff Zeroconf.py statprof.py,
OpenSource mapping toolkit, RobustDeterminant, RobustDeterminant.java,
Schemas, zeroconf byterange keepalive, ELLIPTIC CURVE CRYPTOGRAPHY [OpenJDK],


                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2.1, February 1999

Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
 the version number 2.1.]

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to 
share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are 
intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to 
make sure the software is free for all its users. 

This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some 
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free 
Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You can use 
it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this 
license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to 
use in any particular case, based on the explanations below. 

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not 
price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you 
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for 
this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it if 
you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in 
new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these 
things. 

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid 
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these 
rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you 
if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it. 

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or 
for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you. 
You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. 
If you link other code with the library, you must provide complete 
object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them with the 
library after making changes to the library and recompiling it. And you 
must show them these terms so they know their rights. 

We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the 
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal 
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library. 

To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is 
no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified by 
someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what they 
have is not the original version, so that the original author's 
reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by 
others. 

Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any 
free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively 
restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license 
from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist that any patent license 
obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full 
freedom of use specified in this license. 

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary 
GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public 
License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different 
from the ordinary General Public License. We use this license for 
certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into 
non-free programs. 

When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a 
shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a 
combined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinary 
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire 
combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser General Public 
License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the 
library. 

We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does 
Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public 
License. It also provides other free software developers Less of an 
advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantages are the 
reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries. 
However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special 
circumstances. 

For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to 
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it 
becomes a de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be 
allowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a free library 
does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In this case, there 
is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only, so 
we use the Lesser General Public License. 

In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free 
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free 
software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free 
programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system, 
as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system. 

Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the 
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked 
with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program 
using a modified version of the Library. 

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and 
modification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a 
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". The 
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must 
be combined with the library in order to run. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 

0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other 
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other 
authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this 
Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each 
licensee is addressed as "you". 

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data 
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs 
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables. 

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which 
has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library" 
means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: 
that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it, either 
verbatim or with modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into 
another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without 
limitation in the term "modification".) 

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making 
modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means all the 
source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface 
definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and 
installation of the library. 

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not 
covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running 
a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a 
program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the 
Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing 
it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the 
program that uses the Library does. 

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete 
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you 
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate 
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices 
that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and 
distribute a copy of this License along with the Library. 

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and 
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee. 


2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of 
it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute 
such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided 
that you also meet all of these conditions: 

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices 
       stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge 
       to all third parties under the terms of this License.
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a 
       table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses 
       the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility 
       is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure 
       that, in the event an application does not supply such function 
       or table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part 
       of its purpose remains meaningful.

      (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has 
      a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the 
      application. Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any 
      application-supplied function or table used by this function must 
      be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square 
      root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If 
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and 
can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in 
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those 
sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you 
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on 
the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this 
License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire 
whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it. 

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest 
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to 
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or 
collective works based on the Library. 

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library 
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a 
storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the 
scope of this License. 

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public 
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do 
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that 
they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, 
instead of to this License. (If a newer version than version 2 of the 
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify 
that version instead if you wish.) Do not make any other change in these 
notices. 

Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that 
copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all 
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy. 

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the 
Library into a program that is not a library. 

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative 
of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the 
terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the 
complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be 
distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium 
customarily used for software interchange. 

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a 
designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source 
code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the 
source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the 
source along with the object code. 

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, 
but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked 
with it, is called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in 
isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls 
outside the scope of this License. 

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates 
an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains 
portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library". 
The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states 
terms for distribution of such executables. 

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file 
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a 
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not. 
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked 
without the Library, or if the work is itself a library. The threshold 
for this to be true is not precisely defined by law. 

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure 
layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten 
lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is 
unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work. 
(Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library 
will still fall under Section 6.) 

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may 
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. 
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether 
or not they are linked directly with the Library itself. 

6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a 
"work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work 
containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under terms 
of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of the work 
for the customer's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such 
modifications. 

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the 
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by 
this License. You must supply a copy of this License. If the work during 
execution displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright 
notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference directing the 
user to the copy of this License. Also, you must do one of these things: 


    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding 
       machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever 
       changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under 
       Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked 
       with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that 
       uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the 
       user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified 
       executable containing the modified Library. (It is understood 
       that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in 
       the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the 
       application to use the modified definitions.)
    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the 
       Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a 
       copy of the library already present on the user's computer 
       system, rather than copying library functions into the 
       executable, and (2) will operate properly with a modified version 
       of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified 
       version is interface-compatible with the version that the work 
       was made with.
    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three 
       years, to give the same user the materials specified in 
       Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of 
       performing this distribution.
    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy 
       from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the 
       above specified materials from the same place.
    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these 
       materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" 
must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the 
executable from it. However, as a special exception, the materials to be 
distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in 
either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, 
kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, 
unless that component itself accompanies the executable. 

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions 
of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the 
operating system. Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them 
and the Library together in an executable that you distribute. 

7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library 
side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities 
not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, 
provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library 
and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided 
that you do these two things: 

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based 
       on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities. 
       This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above.
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that 
       part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where 
       to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the 
Library except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt 
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the 
Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this 
License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you 
under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as 
such parties remain in full compliance. 

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not 
signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or 
distribute the Library or its derivative works. These actions are 
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by 
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the 
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all 
its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the 
Library or works based on it. 

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the 
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the 
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library 
subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further 
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. 
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with 
this License. 

11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent 
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), 
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or 
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not 
excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute 
so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and 
any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not 
distribute the Library at all. For example, if a patent license would 
not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all those who 
receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you 
could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from 
distribution of the Library. 

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under 
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to 
apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other 
circumstances. 

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any 
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any 
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the 
integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented 
by public license practices. Many people have made generous 
contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that 
system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to 
the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute 
software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that 
choice. 

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be 
a consequence of the rest of this License. 

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in 
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the 
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may 
add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those 
countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries 
not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the 
limitation as if written in the body of this License. 

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions 
of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new 
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may 
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns. 

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library 
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any 
later version", you have the option of following the terms and 
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by 
the Free Software Foundation. If the Library does not specify a license 
version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free 
Software Foundation. 

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free 
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, 
write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is 
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software 
Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be 
guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives 
of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software 
generally. 

NO WARRANTY

15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO 
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR 
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE 
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH 
YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL 
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN 
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY 
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED 
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF 
THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR 
OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Lesser General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send an email 
to watsonrequest@us.ibm.com identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third 
Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

Carbon.java, juju, yaml.v2
heketi cli, server, tests, juju, libgnutls-deb0-28, yaml.v2


                   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.


  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.

  0. Additional Definitions.

  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU
General Public License.

  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode
of using an interface provided by the Library.

  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked
Version".

  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.

  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.

  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  2. Conveying Modified Versions.

  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified
version:

   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to
   ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or

   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of
   this License applicable to that copy.

  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

  4. Combined Works.

  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of
the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among
   these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the
   copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.

   d) Do one of the following:

       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this
       License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying
       Corresponding Source.

       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked
       Version.

   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise
   be required to provide such information under section 6 of the
   GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the
   Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the
   Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If
   you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany
   the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application
   Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation
   Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL
   for conveying Corresponding Source.)

  5. Combined Libraries.

  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side by side in a single library together with other library
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your
choice, if you do both of the following:

   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based
   on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,
   conveyed under the terms of this License.

   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that published version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the
Library.

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007

Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/> 


Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this 
license document, but changing it is not allowed. 

Preamble

The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for software 
and other kinds of works. 

The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to 
take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast, the 
GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to 
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free 
software for all its users. We, the Free Software Foundation, use the 
GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to 
any other work released this way by its authors. You can apply it to 
your programs, too. 

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. 
Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the 
freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for them if 
you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, 
that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free 
programs, and that you know you can do these things. 

To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you these 
rights or asking you to surrender the rights. Therefore, you have 
certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software, or if 
you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others. 

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis 
or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same freedoms that 
you received. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the 
source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their 
rights. 

Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps: (1) 
assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License giving 
you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it. 

For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains 
that there is no warranty for this free software. For both users' and 
authors' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as 
changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to 
authors of previous versions. 

Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run 
modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer 
can do so. This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of protecting 
users' freedom to change the software. The systematic pattern of such 
abuse occurs in the area of products for individuals to use, which is 
precisely where it is most unacceptable. Therefore, we have designed 
this version of the GPL to prohibit the practice for those products. If 
such problems arise substantially in other domains, we stand ready to 
extend this provision to those domains in future versions of the GPL, as 
needed to protect the freedom of users. 

Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents. 
States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of 
software on general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to 
avoid the special danger that patents applied to a free program could 
make it effectively proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL assures that 
patents cannot be used to render the program non-free. 

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and 
modification follow. 


TERMS AND CONDITIONS
0. Definitions.

"This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License. 

"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds 
of works, such as semiconductor masks. 

"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this 
License. Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and 
"recipients" may be individuals or organizations. 

To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the 
work in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making 
of an exact copy. The resulting work is called a "modified version" 
of the earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work. 

A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based 
on the Program. 

To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without 
permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for 
infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a 
computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, 
distribution (with or without modification), making available to the 
public, and in some countries other activities as well. 

To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other 
parties to make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through 
a computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying. 

An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices" 
to the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible 
feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells 
the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to the extent 
that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the work under 
this License, and how to view a copy of this License. If the interface 
presents a list of user commands or options, such as a menu, a prominent 
item in the list meets this criterion. 

1. Source Code.

The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work 
for making modifications to it. "Object code" means any non-source 
form of a work. 

A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official 
standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of 
interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that is 
widely used among developers working in that language. 

The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other 
than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of 
packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major 
Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that Major 
Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an 
implementation is available to the public in source code form. A 
"Major Component", in this context, means a major essential 
component (kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating 
system (if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to 
produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it. 

The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all 
the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable 
work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to 
control those activities. However, it does not include the work's System 
Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free programs 
which are used unmodified in performing those activities but which are 
not part of the work. For example, Corresponding Source includes 
interface definition files associated with source files for the work, 
and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically linked 
subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as 
by intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms 
and other parts of the work. 

The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can 
regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source. 

The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same 
work. 


2. Basic Permissions.

All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of 
copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated 
conditions are met. This License explicitly affirms your unlimited 
permission to run the unmodified Program. The output from running a 
covered work is covered by this License only if the output, given its 
content, constitutes a covered work. This License acknowledges your 
rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law. 

You may make, run and propagate covered works that you do not convey, 
without conditions so long as your license otherwise remains in force. 
You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose of having 
them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you with 
facilities for running those works, provided that you comply with the 
terms of this License in conveying all material for which you do not 
control copyright. Those thus making or running the covered works for 
you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction and 
control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of your 
copyrighted material outside their relationship with you. 

Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under the 
conditions stated below. Sublicensing is not allowed; section 10 makes 
it unnecessary. 

3. Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.

No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological 
measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article 11 
of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or similar 
laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such measures. 

When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid 
circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention 
is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to the 
covered work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or 
modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's 
users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of 
technological measures. 

4. Conveying Verbatim Copies.

You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you 
receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and 
appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep 
intact all notices stating that this License and any non-permissive 
terms added in accord with section 7 apply to the code; keep intact all 
notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all recipients a copy 
of this License along with the Program. 

You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and 
you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee. 

5. Conveying Modified Source Versions.

You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to 
produce it from the Program, in the form of source code under the terms 
of section 4, provided that you also meet all of these conditions: 


 a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified it, 
    and giving a relevant date. 
 b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is released 
    under this License and any conditions added under section 7. This 
    requirement modifies the requirement in section 4 to "keep intact
    all notices". 

 c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this License to 
    anyone who comes into possession of a copy. This License will
    therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7 additional
    terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts, regardless of
    how they are packaged. This License gives no permission to license
    the work in any other way, but it does not invalidate such 
    permission if you have separately received it. 

 d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display 
    Appropriate Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive 
    interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your
    work need not make them do so. 

A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent 
works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and 
which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or 
on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an 
"aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting copyright are not 
used to limit the access or legal rights of the compilation's users 
beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion of a covered work in 
an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other parts of 
the aggregate. 

6. Conveying Non-Source Forms.

You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms of 
sections 4 and 5, provided that you also convey the machine-readable 
Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, in one of these 
ways: 

 a) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product 
    including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the 
    Corresponding Source fixed on a durable physical medium
    customarily used for software interchange. 

 b) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product 
    (including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by a
    written offer, valid for at least three years and valid for 
    as long as you offer spare parts or customer support for that
    product model, to give anyone who possesses the object code 
    either (1) a copy of the Corresponding Source for all the 
    software in the product that is covered by this License, on a 
    durable physical medium customarily used for software 
    interchange, for a price no more than your reasonable cost of
    physically performing this conveying of source, or (2) access
    to copy the Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge. 

 c) Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the 
    written offer to provide the Corresponding Source. This alternative
    is allowed only occasionally and noncommercially, and only if you
    received the object code with such an offer, in accord with 
    subsection 6b. 

 d) Convey the object code by offering access from a designated place 
    (gratis or for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the 
    Corresponding Source in the same way through the same place at no 
    further charge. You need not require recipients to copy the 
    Corresponding Source along with the object code. If the place to
    copy the object code is a network server, the Corresponding Source
    may be on a different server (operated by you or a third party) 
    that supports equivalent copying facilities, provided you maintain
    clear directions next to the object code saying where to find the
    Corresponding Source. Regardless of what server hosts the 
    Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that it is 
    available for as long as needed to satisfy these requirements. 

 e) Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provided you 
    inform other peers where the object code and Corresponding Source of
    the work are being offered to the general public at no charge under 
    subsection 6d. 

A separable portion of the object code, whose source code is excluded 
from the Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be included 
in conveying the object code work. 

A "User Product" is either (1) a "consumer product", which means
any tangible personal property which is normally used for personal, 
family, or household purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for 
incorporation into a dwelling. In determining whether a product is a 
consumer product, doubtful cases shall be resolved in favor of coverage. 
For a particular product received by a particular user, "normally 
used" refers to a typical or common use of that class of product, 
regardless of the status of the particular user or of the way in which 
the particular user actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the 
product. A product is a consumer product regardless of whether the 
product has substantial commercial, industrial or non-consumer uses, 
unless such uses represent the only significant mode of use of the 
product. 

"Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods, 
procedures, authorization keys, or other information required to install 
and execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product 
from a modified version of its Corresponding Source. The information 
must suffice to ensure that the continued functioning of the modified 
object code is in no case prevented or interfered with solely because 
modification has been made. 

If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or 
specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as 
part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the 
User Product is transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a 
fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the 
Corresponding Source conveyed under this section must be accompanied by 
the Installation Information. But this requirement does not apply if 
neither you nor any third party retains the ability to install modified 
object code on the User Product (for example, the work has been 
installed in ROM). 

The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a 
requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates 
for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for 
the User Product in which it has been modified or installed. Access to a 
network may be denied when the modification itself materially and 
adversely affects the operation of the network or violates the rules and 
protocols for communication across the network. 

Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided, in 
accord with this section must be in a format that is publicly documented 
(and with an implementation available to the public in source code 
form), and must require no special password or key for unpacking, 
reading or copying. 

7. Additional Terms.

"Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this 
License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions. 
Additional permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall 
be treated as though they were included in this License, to the extent 
that they are valid under applicable law. If additional permissions 
apply only to part of the Program, that part may be used separately 
under those permissions, but the entire Program remains governed by this 
License without regard to the additional permissions. 

When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option remove 
any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of it. 
(Additional permissions may be written to require their own removal in 
certain cases when you modify the work.) You may place additional 
permissions on material, added by you to a covered work, for which you 
have or can give appropriate copyright permission. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you 
add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders 
of that material) supplement the terms of this License with terms: 

 a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the 
    terms of sections 15 and 16 of this License; or 

 b) Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or 
    author attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal
    Notices displayed by works containing it; or 

 c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or 
    requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in 
    reasonable ways as different from the original version; or 

 d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or 
    authors of the material; or e) Declining to grant rights under
    trademark law for use of some trade names, trademarks, or service
    marks; or 

 f) Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that material 
    by anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of it)
    with contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for any
    liability that these contractual assumptions directly impose on
    those licensors and authors. 

All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further 
restrictions" within the meaning of section 10. If the Program as you 
received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is 
governed by this License along with a term that is a further 
restriction, you may remove that term. If a license document contains a 
further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying under this 
License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms of 
that license document, provided that the further restriction does not 
survive such relicensing or conveying. 

If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you must 
place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the additional terms 
that apply to those files, or a notice indicating where to find the 
applicable terms. 

Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the 
form of a separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above 
requirements apply either way. 

8. Termination.

You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly 
provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or 
modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under 
this License (including any patent licenses granted under the third 
paragraph of section 11). 

However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license 
from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally, 
unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates 
your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright holder fails to 
notify you of the violation by some reasonable means prior to 60 days 
after the cessation. 

Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated 
permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by 
some reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice 
of violation of this License (for any work) from that copyright holder, 
and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the 
notice. 

Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the 
licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under 
this License. If your rights have been terminated and not permanently 
reinstated, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same 
material under section 10. 

9. Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.

You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or run a 
copy of the Program. Ancillary propagation of a covered work occurring 
solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission to receive a 
copy likewise does not require acceptance. However, nothing other than 
this License grants you permission to propagate or modify any covered 
work. These actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this 
License. Therefore, by modifying or propagating a covered work, you 
indicate your acceptance of this License to do so. 

10. Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.

Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically 
receives a license from the original licensors, to run, modify and 
propagate that work, subject to this License. You are not responsible 
for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License. 

An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an 
organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an 
organization, or merging organizations. If propagation of a covered work 
results from an entity transaction, each party to that transaction who 
receives a copy of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work 
the party's predecessor in interest had or could give under the previous 
paragraph, plus a right to possession of the Corresponding Source of the 
work from the predecessor in interest, if the predecessor has it or can 
get it with reasonable efforts. 

You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the 
rights granted or affirmed under this License. For example, you may not 
impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of rights 
granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation 
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any 
patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
or importing the Program or any portion of it. 

11. Patents.

A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this 
License of the Program or a work on which the Program is based. The work 
thus licensed is called the contributor's "contributor version". 

A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims 
owned or controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or 
hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted by 
this License, of making, using, or selling its contributor version, but 
do not include claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of 
further modification of the contributor version. For purposes of this 
definition, "control" includes the right to grant patent sublicenses 
in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License. 

Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free 
patent license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to make, 
use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and 
propagate the contents of its contributor version. 

In the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express 
agreement or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a patent 
(such as an express permission to practice a patent or covenant not to 
sue for patent infringement). To "grant" such a patent license to a 
party means to make such an agreement or commitment not to enforce a 
patent against the party. 

If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license, and 
the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to 
copy, free of charge and under the terms of this License, through a 
publicly available network server or other readily accessible means, 
then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so 
available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the 
patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner 
consistent with the requirements of this License, to extend the patent 
license to downstream recipients. "Knowingly relying" means you have 
actual knowledge that, but for the patent license, your conveying the 
covered work in a country, or your recipient's use of the covered work 
in a country, would infringe one or more identifiable patents in that 
country that you have reason to believe are valid. 

If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or 
arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a 
covered work, and grant a patent license to some of the parties 
receiving the covered work authorizing them to use, propagate, modify or 
convey a specific copy of the covered work, then the patent license you 
grant is automatically extended to all recipients of the covered work 
and works based on it. 

A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within 
the scope of its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is conditioned 
on the non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are specifically 
granted under this License. You may not convey a covered work if you are 
a party to an arrangement with a third party that is in the business of 
distributing software, under which you make payment to the third party 
based on the extent of your activity of conveying the work, and under 
which the third party grants, to any of the parties who would receive 
the covered work from you, a discriminatory patent license (a) in 
connection with copies of the covered work conveyed by you (or copies 
made from those copies), or (b) primarily for and in connection with 
specific products or compilations that contain the covered work, unless 
you entered into that arrangement, or that patent license was granted, 
prior to 28 March 2007. 

Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting any 
implied license or other defenses to infringement that may otherwise be 
available to you under applicable patent law. 

12. No Surrender of Others' Freedom.

If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or 
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not 
excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot convey a 
covered work so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this 
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you 
may not convey it at all. For example, if you agree to terms that 
obligate you to collect a royalty for further conveying from those to 
whom you convey the Program, the only way you could satisfy both those 
terms and this License would be to refrain entirely from conveying the 
Program. 

13. Use with the GNU Affero General Public License.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have permission 
to link or combine any covered work with a work licensed under version 3 
of the GNU Affero General Public License into a single combined work, 
and to convey the resulting work. The terms of this License will 
continue to apply to the part which is the covered work, but the special 
requirements of the GNU Affero General Public License, section 13, 
concerning interaction through a network will apply to the combination 
as such. 

14. Revised Versions of this License.

The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of 
the GNU General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will 
be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to 
address new problems or concerns. 

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program 
specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU General Public 
License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of 
following the terms and conditions either of that numbered version or of 
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the 
Program does not specify a version number of the GNU General Public 
License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software 
Foundation. 

If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions 
of the GNU General Public License can be used, that proxy's public 
statement of acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to 
choose that version for the Program. 

Later license versions may give you additional or different permissions. 
However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or 
copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a later version. 

15. Disclaimer of Warranty.

THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF 
THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME 
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

16. Limitation of Liability.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING 
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR 
CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, 
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES 
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE 
WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

17. Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16.

If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above 
cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing 
courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute 
waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Program, unless a 
warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a copy of the Program in 
return for a fee. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


MIT LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the MIT License:

YARGS (Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)Modified work
Copyright 2014 Contributors (ben@npmjs.com)), SECUREPROXY [urllib3]
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Will Bond), CURL [tensorflow] (No Copyright
Found), RESOLVE-PATHNAME (No Copyright statement), TINY-WARNING (No
Copyright statement), MARKED.JS [swagger-ui] (Copyright (c) 2011-2014,
Christopher Jeffrey.), GLOBALS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MIME (Copyright (c) 2010
Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer), FSEVENTS (Copyright (C) 2010-2014
Philipp DunkelCopyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>#
Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin MetcalfCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Fork
Ltd.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2018 Viacheslav Lotsmanov 2. Grant of
Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of Copyright
{yyyy} {name of copyright owner}Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>Copyright (c) 2015
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) Feross
AboukhadijehCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2011
Alexander ShtuchkinCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors
Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.Copyright (c) 2014
Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2015 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) npm Inc. and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2013 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2016
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright 2010 James
Halliday (mail@substack.net)Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca TurnerCopyright
(c) MapboxCopyright (c) npm Inc. and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), UNICODENORMALIZER
(Copyright (c) 2008 Matsuza), LAZY-PROPERTY (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko), JAVA (Copyright (c) 2013 Near Infinity Corporation),
SMART-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Josh Glazebrook), IS-CI (Copyright
(c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), @BABEL/TYPES (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), CHOKIDAR
(Copyright (c) 2012-2019 Paul Miller (https://paulmillr.com) & Elan
Shanker), JBZIP2 [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Matthew J. Francis and
Contributors of the jbzip2 Project), STREAM-EACH (Copyright (c) 2015
Mathias Buus), SOCKET.IO-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch
<guillermo@learnboost.com>), BODY-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), DEPD (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), SORTED-OBJECT (Copyright Â¬Â© 2014â€šÃ„Ã¬2016 Domenic
Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â¬Â© 2014â€šÃ„Ã¬2016 Domenic Denicola
<d@domenic.me>), SIMPLE-GET (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh),
AGENT-BASE (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), ERRNO (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 [Rod
Vagg]), INSTALL.SH [oniguruma] (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), JQUERY
2.2.3 [Angular] ((c) jQuery Foundation), SLF4J [common] (Copyright (c)
2004-2013 QOS.ch), FINED (Copyright (c) 2016 2017 2018 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>),
GITHUB-FROM-PACKAGE (No Copyright Statement), NESTED-ERROR-STACKS
(Copyright (c) 2014 Matt Lavin <matt.lavin@gmail.com>), FOCUS-TRAP
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 David Clark), OPTIONAL (No Copyright
Statement), STREAM-ITERATE (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), ANSI-REGEX
[NodeJS] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), PROCESS-NEXTICK-ARGS (#
Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf), PYPARSING.PY [setuptools] (Copyright
(c) 2003-2018 Paul T. McGuire), VSWHERE_USABILITY_WRAPPER.CMD [NodeJS]
(Copyright 2017 - Refael Ackermann), UNDERTAKER (Copyright (c) 2014
Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and other contributors), EXTEND
(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), PYYAML (No Copyright Statement),
SIZZLE [jQuery] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors,
https://jquery.org/), SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINEV1.0 [jQuery] (Copyright
2009, The Dojo Foundation), NGHTTP2 [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2012, 2014,
2015, 2016 Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa. Copyright (c) 2012, 2014, 2015, 2016
nghttp2 contributors.), NODE [NodeJS] (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other
Node contributors.), RC (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr), NOTEPACK.IO
(Copyright (c) 2014 Ion Drive Software Ltd.), SOCKET.IO-ADAPTER
(Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch <guillermo@learnboost.com>),
ASYNC-EACH (Copyright (c) 2016 Paul Miller
[(paulmillr.com)](http://paulmillr.com)), GET-STREAM (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus ), V8FLAGS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Tyler Kellen
<tyler@sleekcode.net> Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), XMLHTTPREQUEST-SSL (Copyright (c) 2010
passive.ly LLC), PRISMJS-LOADER (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Valor Software
Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Dmitriy Shekhovtso), SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR
ENGINEV1.0: [jQuery] (Copyright 2009, The Dojo Foundation), LIBMODULEMD
(Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Stephen Gallagher <sgallagh@redhat.com>), UMASK
(Copyright (c) 2015 Sam Mikes), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V3.1.0
[Angular] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
FORKED-UNDERSCORE [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) Jeremy Ashkenas), BL
(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 bl contributors), DUPLEXIFY (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), @BABEL/PARSER (Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by various
contributors (see AUTHORS)), JQUERY.JS [jQuery] (Copyright 2011, John
Resig), DUAL [jQuery] (Copyright 2010, John Resig), COMPOSITION
[Plexus-Container-Default] (Copyright (c) 2004, The Codehaus),
LIBDIVSUFSORT [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Yuta Mori All Rights
Reserved.), SH (Copyright (C) 2011-2012 by Andrew Moffat), TABBABLE
(Copyright (c) 2015 David Clark), ES6-PROMISE (Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda
Katz Tom Dale Stefan Penner and contributors), DROPDOWN-TOGGLE.JS
[Angular] (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 the AngularUI Team), AFTER (Copyright
(c) 2011 Raynos.), IOREDIS (Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Zihua Li),
SUPPORTS-COLOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), PUMP (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
PROMISE-RETRY (Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited), C-ARES [NodeJS]
(Copyright (c) 2007 - 2018, Daniel Stenberg with many contributors, see
AUTHORS file. Copyright 1998 by the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.), PREBUILD-INSTALL (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus),
UNDERSCORE-MIN.JS [swagger-ui] (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), @BABEL/CODE-FRAME
(No Copyright statement), TAR-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
TINY-RELATIVE-DATE (Copyright (c) 2017 Joseph Wynn), SLF4J-LOG4J12
(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.chAll rights reserved.), @BABEL/RUNTIME
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
CONFIG-CHAIN (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), CSSTYPE (Copyright (c)
2017-2018 Fredrik Nicol), DEEP-EXTEND (Copyright (c) 2013-2018
Viacheslav Lotsmanov), NAPI-BUILD-UTILS (Copyright (c) 2018
inspiredware), BUILTINS (Copyright (c) 2015 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), REACT-IS (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and
its affiliates.), REDIS-ERRORS (Copyright (c) 2017 Ruben Bridgewater),
MOCHA.JS (Copyright(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk), WHATWG-FETCH (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 GitHub Inc.), CHIRON [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2002-2008 Kris
Kowal), PROGRESS [Pip] (Not Required), SAUCELABS_RUNNER.JS (Copyright
(c) 2012 Parashuram), ENCODEURL (Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), PARALLEL-TRANSFORM (Copyright 2013 Mathias Buus),
REACT-ROUTER-PROP-TYPES (Copyright (c) 2017 Raiden), RESOLVE (Copyright
(c) 2012 James Halliday), BINDINGS (Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), SERVE-STATIC (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha
Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), TAR-FS
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), CHECKER-COMPAT-QUAL (No copyright
statement found), SSHPK (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
EXPRESS (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Roman Shtylman <shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), ANGULAR-UI-ROUTER
(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 The AngularUI Team Karsten Sperling),
@BABEL/HELPER-SPLIT-EXPORT-DECLARATION (No Copyright statement), XTEND
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Raynos.), FLUSH-WRITE-STREAM (Copyright (c)
2015 Mathias Buus), KAFKA-NODE (Copyright (c) 2015 sohu.com),
@BABEL/HIGHLIGHT (Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and
other contributors), CHAINSAW (CopyrightÂ© 2019, the Apache Software
Foundation), STRING_DECODER (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), GULP-CLI (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall
and other contributors), BASE64-ARRAYBUFFER (Copyright (c) 2012 Niklas
von Hertzen), REDUX-ACTIONS (No Copyright statement), HAS-CORS (No
Copyright Statement), PYPARSING [Pip] (Not Required), LODASH-ES
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), CLI-COLUMNS (Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller
<me@shannonmoeller.com> (shannonmoeller.com)), P-TRY (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), WIDEST-LINE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ANV.JS (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Cavalier),
ON-HEADERS (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson), LIFTOFF
(Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen), DUMMYSERVER/PROXY.PY [urllib3]
(Copyright (C) 2012 Senko Rasic), JQUERY-WIGGLE (Copyright (c)
WonderGroup, Jordan Thomas), QUERY-STRING (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PARSEQS (Copyright (c)
2015 Gal Koren), SIX.PY [Pip] (Not Required), BLUEBIRD (Copyright (c)
2013-2018 Petka Antonov), SHA (Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay), PRR
(Copyright (c) 2014 Rod Vagg), VALUE-EQUAL (No Copyright statement),
@TYPES/ANGULAR (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), JWA (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), TO-ARRAY
(Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.), @TYPES/REACT (Copyright (c) Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.), OBJECT-ASSIGN ((c) Sindre Sorhus),
STATUSES (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright
(c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
LODASH.UNION (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), BUFFER-CRC32 (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J.
Brennan), PYTHON-PIP (Copyright: Copyright 2009 Jeff Licquia
<licquia@debian.org>), UPATH (Copyright(c) 2014-2019 Angelos Pikoulas
(agelos.pikoulas@gmail.com)), HTTPS-PROXY-AGENT (Copyright (c) 2013
Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), PEP517 [Pip] (Not
Required), FOLLOW-REDIRECTS (Copyright 2014â€šÃ„Ã¬present Olivier Lalonde
<olalonde@gmail.com> James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh),
GULP (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com>
Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), HUMANIZE-MS (No
Copyright statement), NODE-ABI (Copyright (c) 2016 Lukas Geiger),
FLEXBUFFER (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Mercadolibre.com), JWS (Copyright
(c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), PSL (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo Montero
<lupomontero@gmail.com>), REACT-INFINITE-SCROLLER (Copyright (c) 2016
CASSETTECopyright (c) 2013 guillaumervls), WCWIDTH (Copyright (C) 2012
by Jun Woong.), NODEJS (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node
contributors.), SOCKET.IO-REDIS (Copyright (c) 2016 Guillermo Rauch
(@rauchg)), TO-SPACE-CASE (Copyright &copy; 2016 Ian Storm Taylor),
CORE-JS (Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Denis Pushkarev),
IO.NETTY.UTIL.INTERNAL.LOGGING (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All
rights reserved.), SCHEDULER (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its
affiliates.), TRIM-RIGHT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CRYPTO.JS [NodeJS]
(Copyright (c) 2005 Tom Wu), PKG_RESOURCES [Pip] (Not Required),
OBJECT-KEYS (Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan Harband), PSLINT.PY
[publicsuffix-list] (Copyright 2016 Tim RÃ¼hsen), DIRECTED-GRAPH-CREATOR
[NodeJS] (Copyright (c) Colorado Re), ERR-CODE (No Copyright statement),
WS (Copyright (c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>), BYLINE
(No Copyright statement), RETRY (Copyright (c) 2011:), IFERR (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi), FILE-URI-TO-PATH (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan
Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>), @BABEL/HELPER-FUNCTION-NAME (No
Copyright statement), TO-NO-CASE (Copyright &copy; 2016 Ian Storm
Taylor), SIX [tensorflow] (No copyright found), WORKER-FARM (Copyright
(c) 2014 LevelUP contributors), JQUERY.BA-BBQ.MIN.JS [swagger-ui]
(Copyright (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman), PROTODUCK (Copyright (c) 2017
Kat MarchâˆšÂ°n), ARGPARSE (Copyright (c) 2017 Alexey Kamenskiy),
TO-CAMEL-CASE (Copyright &copy; 2016 Ian Storm Taylor), JS-YAML
(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), @TYPES/LODASH.FROMPAIRS
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
UTF8VALIDATOR.JAVA [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann
<bjoern@hoehrmann.de>), UNDERSCORE.JS [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2009-2012
Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud), TARFILE.PY [Pip] (Not Required), PARSES
AN URI (No copyright), ASYNC-LIMITER (Copyright (c) 2017 Samuel Reed
<samuel.trace.reed@gmail.com>), LODASH.DEFAULTS (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
BRACE-EXPANSION (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber), CLONE
(Copyright Â© 2011-2015 Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>), SCONS.TOOL.PYEXT
[Cython] (No copyright found), BASH (Copyright (c) 2012 Tyler Kellen,
contributors), FRESH (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk Copyright (c)
2016-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), STRICT-URI-ENCODE (Copyright (c)
Kevin Martensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),
@TYPES/PROP-TYPES (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), REACT-DOM (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its affiliates.),
FOCUS-TRAP-REACT (Copyright (c) 2015 David Clark), HOMEDIR-POLYFILL
(Copyright (c) 2016 Brian Woodward), LODASH (Copyright OpenJS Foundation
and other contributors <https://openjsf.org/>Copyright and related
rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), NOOP-LOGGER (No
Copyright statement), MIXIN-DEEP (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), NEGOTIATOR (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico
RomeroCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), LIBCIPM (Copyright 2017 Kat MarchâˆšÂ°n and
Contributors), REACT (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its affiliates.),
HIGHLIGHT-WORDS-CORE (Copyright (c) 2015 Treasure Data), PROPER-URL-JOIN
(Copyright (c) 2017 Made With MOXY Lda <hello@moxy.studio>),
FS-CONSTANTS (Copyright (c) 2018 Mathias Buus), PARSEURL (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), SECURETRANSPORT [Pip] (Not
Required), PARSEURI (Copyright (c) 2014 Gal Koren), SWAGGER-UI.JS
[swagger-ui] (Copyright 2005, 2014 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other
contributors), FINDUP-SYNC (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Ben Alman
<cowboy@rj3.net> Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), JQ FILES [jq] (Copyright: 2012 Stephen
Dolan), SOCKS-PROXY-AGENT (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), NAN (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN
contributors), LODASH.WITHOUT (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINE V
1.0 [jQuery] (Copyright 2009, The Dojo Foundation), RAW-BODY (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), PYTOML [Pip] (Not Required), REGISTRY-AUTH-TOKEN (Copyright (c)
2016 Espen Hovlandsdal), SIZZLETRI [jQuery] (Copyright 2010, The Dojo
Foundation), SYNCHRONOUS-INSPECTION.MD (Copyright 2009â€“2014 Kristopher
Michael Kowal), JUST-CURRY-IT (Copyright (c) 2016 angus croll),
COMBINED-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited
<felix@debuggable.com>), NODE-INSPECT [NodeJS] (Copyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.), IP (Copyright Fedor Indutny 2012.),
SIMPLE-CONCAT (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), FBJS (Copyright (c)
2013-present Facebook Inc.), POSTGRES-INTERVAL (Copyright (c) Ben
Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), SNAPPY (Copyright (c)
Bjâˆšâˆ‚rklund David), EXPAND-TEMPLATE (Copyright (c) 2018 Lars-Magnus
Skog), YEAST (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the
Contributors.), ANGULAR (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), @TYPES/NODE (No
Copyright Statement), @BABEL/HELPER-GET-FUNCTION-ARITY (No Copyright
statement), BINARY (No Copyright Statement), GUD (No Copyright
statement), NODE.SPEC [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2013, StrongLoop, Inc.),
ETAG (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), JFASTLZ
[Netty] (Copyright (c) 2009 William Kinney), UA-PARSER-JS (Copyright (c)
2012-2018 Faisal Salman <<f@faisalman.com>>), LODASH.UNIQ (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
MD5-IA64.S [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2005 Hewlett-Packard Development
Company, L.P.), LUNR [Angular] (Copyright (C) 2015 Oliver Nightingale),
FASHION-MNIST [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), NG-REDUX (Copyright (c)
2015 William Buchwalter), COMPRESSIBLE (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah Senkpiel
<fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), SOCKET.IO (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Automattic <dev@cloudup.com>), JQ (copyright (C) 2012 Stephen Dolan),
FINALHANDLER (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), LODASH.CLONE (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), PYCRC [confluent-kafka-python]
(Copyright (c) 2006-2012, Thomas Pircher), BOOTSTRAP [Angular]
(Copyright 2011-2014 Twitter, Inc.), ANSISTYLES (Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.), ARRAYBUFFER.SLICE (Copyright (C) 2013 Rase-), AGENTKEEPALIVE
(Copyright(c) node-modules and other contributors.Copyright(c) 2012 -
2015 fengmk2 <fengmk2@gmail.com>), CHECKER-QUAL (No copyright statement
found), ANIMAL-SNIFFER-ANNOTATIONS (Copyright (c) 2009 codehaus.org),
HTTP-ERRORS (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.comCopyright
(c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson doug@somethingdoug.com), CI-INFO
(Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), GLOGG (Copyright (c) 2014
2015 2018 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io>), FLATPICKR (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
@BABEL/TEMPLATE (No Copyright statement), HANDLEBARS.JS (Copyright (C)
2011-2016 by Yehuda Katz), @TYPES/LODASH (No Copyright Statement),
ISARRAY (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), SORTED-UNION-STREAM (Copyright (c)
2014 Mathias Buus), BYTE-SIZE (Copyright (c) 2014-18 Lloyd Brookes
<75pound@gmail.com>), SYMBOL-OBSERVABLE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Ben Lesh
<ben@benlesh.com>), MEANT (Copyright (c) 2016 Daijirâ‰ˆÃ§ Wachi), EDITOR
(Copyright 2013 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), LOOSE-ENVIFY
(Copyright (c) 2015 Andres Suarez <zertosh@gmail.com>), ORDERED_DICT.PY
[NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2009 Raymond Hettinger.), PROTOTYPE JAVASCRIPT
LIBRARY [NodeJS] ((c) 2005-2007 Sam Stephenson), ENGINE.IO-CLIENT
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Automattic <dev@cloudup.com>), ATOB (Copyright
(c) 2015 AJ ONeal71).), AJV (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
IS-GLOB (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), MOMENT-TIMEZONE
(Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other contributors), ICONV-LITE
(Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin), IP-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IPADDR.JS
(Copyright (C) 2011-2017 whitequark <whitequark@whitequark.org>), LEGAL
FILE (SLF4J-1.6.1.LICENSE.TXT) [Zookeeper] (Copyright (c) 2004-2008
QOS.ch All rights reserved), TIMERS-CTX.JS (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and
other Node contributors.), CACHETOOLS (Thomas Kemmer), RANGE-PARSER
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com),
ANSICOLORS (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), @BABEL/GENERATOR
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
RAPIDJSON [tensorflow-serving] (No Copyright Statement),
CREATE-REACT-CONTEXT (Copyright (c) Jamie Kyle), HTML5LIB [Pip] (Not
Required), HAS-BINARY2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Kevin Roark), SETUPTOOLS
(Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs), UUID (Copyright (c) 2010-2016
Robert Kieffer and other contributors), EVENT.JS [jQuery] (Diego
Perini), MEMOIZE-ONE (Copyright (c) 2017 Alexander Reardon), APPDIRS
[Pip] (Not Required), COMMANDER (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), CAPTURE-STACK-TRACE (No Copyright Statement),
MORGAN (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), REACT-TOOLTIP (Copyright
(c) 2015 Wang Zixiao), PIP (Copyright (c) 2008-2019 The pip developers),
PPROF [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), FROM (Copyright (c) 2011
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY
V1.4.2 [jQuery] (Copyright 2010, John Resig), NODE-FETCH-NPM (Copyright
(c) 2016 David Frank), ENGINE.IO-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2016 Guillermo
Rauch (@rauchg)), ENGINE.IO (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch
<guillermo@learnboost.com>), MOMENT.JS (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Tim
Wood, Iskren Chernev, Moment.js contributors), TIME64.C [pymongo]
(Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Michael G Schwern), MARKED (Copyright (c)
2011-2018, Christopher Jeffrey (https://github.com/chjj/)), BUFFERMAKER
(No Copyright Statement), NORMALIZE.CSS0 [Angular] (Copyright (c)
Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), JSLINT [jQuery] (Copyright (c)
2002 Douglas Crockford (www.JSLint.com)), ACCEPTS (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), BUFFERS (No Copyright Statement),
MINIZLIB (Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), SOCKS (Copyright (c) 2013 Josh
Glazebrook), JS-TOKENS (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Simon
Lydell), SIZZLE.JS [jQuery] (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), GENFUN (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchâˆšÂ°n), REACT-ROUTER
(Copyright (c) React Training 2016-2018), HISTORY (Copyright (c) React
Training 2016-2018), LODASH._BASEUNIQ (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), NODE-GYP (Copyright (c) 2012
Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc.
All rights reserved.), STANDARD-AS-CALLBACK (Copyright (c) 2018 Zihua
LiCopyright (c) 2013-2017 Petka Antonov), TINY-INVARIANT (No Copyright
Statement), TRAVERSE (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
BLOB (Copyright (C) 2014 Rase-), REACT-TOOLTIP.JS (Copyright (c) 2016
Jed Watson.), JAVA-DOGSTATSD-CLIENT (Copyright (C) 2012 youDevise,
Ltd.), OPENER (Copyright Â¬Â© 2012â€šÃ„Ã¬2018 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>
Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â¬Â© 2012â€šÃ„Ã¬2018
Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>), BINARY-EXTENSIONS (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SIZZLECSS
[jQuery] (Copyright 2009, The Dojo Foundation), REGENERATOR-RUNTIME (No
Copyright statement), @TYPES/LONG (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
All rights reserved.), P-LIMIT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PROXY-ADDR (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), TYPE-IS (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), ANGULARJS ((c) 2010-2016
Google, Inc.), SEND (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), @BABEL/TRAVERSE (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), LIBUV [NodeJS]
(Copyright (c) 2015-present libuv project contributors),
REACT-LOADING-SKELETON (Copyright 2017 David Tang), UTIL-EXTEND
(Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), REDUCE-REDUCERS (Copyright (c) Andrew Clark), SIZZLE CSS
SELECTOR ENGINE [jQuery] (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), NOW-AND-LATER (Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), SOCKET.IO-CLIENT (Copyright (c)
2014 Guillermo Rauch), JQUERY (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors https://js.foundation/Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors https://js.foundation/), JS LIBRARY (Copyright 2011, John
Resig), SLF4J-API (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved.),
SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINE V1.0 [jQuery] (Copyright 2009, The Dojo
Foundation), MIME-TYPES (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), LODASH._CREATESET (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), REDIS-PARSER
(Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), MIME-DB (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINE - V1.0 [jQuery] (2009,
The Dojo Foundation), URLLIB3 [Pip] (Andrey Petrov), BASIC-AUTH
(Copyright (c) 2013 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), SERVING_REST_SIMPLE [tensorflow-serving] (No
Copyright Statement), CLI-TABLE3 (Copyright (c) 2014 James Talmage
<james.talmage@jrtechnical.com>), CYCLIST (No Copyright Statement),
JSONSTREAM (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic
Tarr), DEBUG (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk), WHEEL (Daniel Holth),
BALANCED-MATCH (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber), FARMHASH
[tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), LODASH.FLATTEN (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), MIMIC-FN
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), LODASH.CAMELCASE (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), PACOTE (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat
MarchâˆšÂ°n), JSON.JS (Copyright 2012-2014, Kit Cambridge), ASYNC
(Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Caolan McMahon), COLUMNIFY (Copyright (c) 2013
Tim Oxley), REACT-ROUTER-DOM (Copyright (c) React Training 2016-2018),
READABLE-STREAM (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), BUNDLE.JS (no copyright), HANDLEBARS-2.0.0.JS [swagger-ui]
(Copyright (C) 2011-2014 by Yehuda Katz), NEEDLE (Copyright (c) Fork
Ltd.), SATYR [tensorflow] (No Copyright Found), BASE64ID (Copyright (c)
2012-2016 Kristian Faeldt <faeldt_kristian@cyberagent.co.jp>),
1to2-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN contributors), @types/angular-1.6.39
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@types/lodash 4.14.91 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), @types/lodash.frompairs 4.0.3 (Copyright (c) Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/node-8.5.1 (Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/prop-types 15.5.2
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@types/react 16.0.31 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), @types/react-dom (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All
rights reserved.), _decimal.scss (Copyright (c) 2015 Takeru Suzuki.),
aarch64 (Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 ARM Ltd.), accepts-1.0.7
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), accepts-1.2.13
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), accepts-1.3.3
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), accepts-1.3.5
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), after-0.8.1
(Copyright (c) 2011 Raynos.), agentkeepalive-2.2.0 (Copyright(c) 2012 -
2015 fengmk2 <fengmk2@gmail.com>Copyright(c) node-modules and other
contributors.), ajv 6.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
ajv-4.11.8 (Copyright (c) 2015 Evgeny Poberezkin), ajv-5.5.2 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Evgeny Poberezkin), alpine-keys (Maintainer: Natanael Copa
<ncopa@alpinelinux.org>), Angular (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
angular-animate-1.6.8 (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), angular-aria-1.6.8
(Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), angular-cookies-1.6.8 (Copyright (c) 2016
Angular), angular-feature-flags 1.6.1 (Copyright  Â© 2018 Michael
Taranto), Angular-loading-bar (Copyright (c) 2013 Wes Cruver),
angular-resource-1.6.8 (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
angular-sanitize-1.6.8 (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
angular-translate-2.11.0 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 The angular-translate
team and Pascal Precht), angular-translate-2.11.1 (Copyright (c) <2014>
<pascal.precht@gmail.com>), angular-translate-loader-partial-2.11.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 The angular-translate team and Pascal Precht),
angular-ui-bootstrap-1.2.5 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 the AngularUI Team
https://github.com/organizations/angular-ui/teams/291112),
angular-ui-codemirror-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 the AngularUI Team
http://angular-ui.github.com), angular-ui-router-0.4.2 (Copyright (c)
2013-2015 The AngularUI Team Karsten Sperling), angular-ui-scroll-1.7.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Hill30 INC https://github.com/Hill30),
angular-youtube-embed 1.3.1 (Copyright (C) 2014 Matthew Brandly.),
AngularJS ((c) 2010-2012 Google, Inc), AngularJS v1.1.5 ((c) 2010-2012
Google, Inc. http://angularjs.org), animal-sniffer-annotations
(Copyright (c) 2008 Kohsuke Kawaguchi and codehaus.org.), ANSI C
implementation of vector operations. (Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Naoaki
Okazaki, All rights reserved.), ansi-colors-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Brian Woodward.), ansi-gray-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) <%= year() %>
Jon Schlinkert.), ansi-regex-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ansi-regex-2.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ansi-styles-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement),
ansi-styles-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ansi-wrap-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), append-field-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Linus Unneb Ë†Å¡ Â§ck),
archy-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), argparse-0.1.16 (Copyright (C)
2012 by Vitaly Puzrin), argparse-1.0.9 (Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly
Puzrin), arguments-extended 0.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Doug Martin),
arr-diff-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), arr-diff-4.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), arr-flatten-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), arr-union-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016
Jon Schlinkert.), array-differ-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement),
array-extended-0.0.11 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pollenware),
array-flatten-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), array-uniq-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), array-unique-0.2.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), arraybuffer.slice-0.0.6
(Copyright (C) 2013 Rase-), artifactory-0.1.17 (Copyright (c) 2004-2014
Parallels IP Holdings GmbH.), asap-2.0.6 (Copyright 2009ÃƒÂ±2014
Contributors. All rights reserved.), asn1-0.1.11 (Copyright (c) 2011
Mark Cavage, All rights reserved.), asn1-0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark
Cavage All rights reserved.), assert-plus-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2012 Mark
Cavage), assert-plus-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Mark Cavage),
assert-plus-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Mark Cavage), assign-symbols-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), async-0.9.0 (Copyright (c)
2010-2014 Caolan McMahon), async-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Caolan
McMahon), async-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Caolan McMahon),
async-2.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Caolan McMahon), async-2.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Caolan McMahon), asynckit-0.4.0 (Copyright (c)
2016 Alex Indigo), atom_api_v8_util.cc (Copyright (c) 2013 GitHub,
Inc.), atomic (Copyright (c) 2016 Uber Technologies, Inc.), aws4-1.6.0
(Copyright 2013 Michael Hart (michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), axios-0.16.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Matt Zabriskie), axios-0.17.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Matt Zabriskie), babel-code-frame-6.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-helper-builder-binary-assignment-operator-visitor-6.24.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-helper-explode-assignable-expression-6.24.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-helper-function-name-6.24.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors), babel-helper-get-function-arity-6.24.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-helper-remap-async-to-generator-6.24.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), babel-messages-6.23.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-syntax-async-functions-6.13.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-syntax-async-generators-6.13.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-syntax-exponentiation-operator-6.13.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-syntax-object-rest-spread-6.13.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-syntax-trailing-function-commas-6.22.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-transform-async-generator-functions-6.24.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-transform-async-to-generator-6.24.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-transform-exponentiation-operator-6.24.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-plugin-transform-object-rest-spread-6.26.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-preset-stage-3-6.24.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie
and other contributors), babel-runtime-6.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), babel-template-6.26.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
babel-traverse-6.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and
other contributors), babel-types-6.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), babylon-6.18.0 (Copyright
(C) 2012-2014 by various contributors (see AUTHORS)), backo2-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mark Mokryn <mokesmokes@gmail.com> Copyright (c)
2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), balanced-match (Copyright (c)
2013 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), balanced-match-0.4.2
(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>),
balanced-match-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), base64-arraybuffer (Copyright (c) 2012
Niklas von Hertzen), base64-arraybuffer-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 Niklas
von Hertzen), base64-encoder (Copyright (c) 2011 Vitaly Puzrin &
Copyright (c) 2011 Aleksey V Zapparov), base64-js-0.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2014), base64id-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Kristian Faeldt
<faeldt_kristian@cyberagent.co.jp>), base64url-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2013ÃƒÂ±2016 Brian J. Brennan), BasePlexusArchiverTest.java (Copyright (c)
2004, The Codehaus), basic-auth-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
bcpg-jdk15on (Copyright (c) 2000-2014 The Legion of the Bouncy Castle
Inc.), bcprov-jdk15on (Copyright (c) 2000 - 2015 The Legion of the
Bouncy Castle Inc.), beeper-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), benchmark.js (Copyright
2010-2013 Mathias Bynens <http://mathiasbynens.be/>), benchmark.js-1.0.0
(Copyright 2010-2012 Mathias Bynens <http://mathiasbynens.be/>),
better-assert-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), bh_tsne.ts (Copyright (c) 2015 Andrej Karpathy),
bindings-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>), bl-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 bl
contributors), blob-0.0.4 (Copyright (C) 2014 Rase-), bluebird-2.11.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Petka Antonov), bluebird-3.5.1 (Copyright (c)
2013-2017 Petka Antonov), bluebird-retry 0.11.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jut
inc.), body-parser 1.6.7 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), body-parser-1.17.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), bolt (Copyright (c) 2013
Ben Johnson), bootstrap v3.1.1 (Copyright 2011-2014 Twitter, Inc.),
bops-0.0.7 (No Copyright Statement), botocore.docs.bcdoc.restdoc
(Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Mitch Garnaat http://garnaat.org/ Copyright
2012-2013 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.),
brace-expansion-1.1.11 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), brace-expansion-1.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2013
Julian Gruber), brace-expansion-1.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber), brace-expansion-1.1.7 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), brace-expansion-1.1.8 (Copyright (c) 2013
Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), braces-1.8.5 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), Browser-compatible JavaScript MD5 (Copyright
2011, Sebastian Tschan), buffer-shims-1.0.0 (# Copyright (c) 2016 Calvin
Metcalf), buffer-writer-1.0.1 (No Copyright Statement), bufferutil 1.2.1
(Copyright(c) 2015 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>),
build-helper-maven-plugin (Copyright 2006-2012 The Codehaus),
build-helper-maven-plugin-1.9 (No Copyright Statement provided),
bundle.js (By Tobias Koppers @sokra), bunyan-1.5.1 (Copyright 2016 Trent
Mick Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc.), bunyan-1.8.12 (Copyright 2016 Trent
Mick Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc.), busboy-0.2.13 (Copyright Brian White.
All rights reserved.), busboy-0.2.14 (Copyright Brian White. All rights
reserved.), bytes-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), bytes-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed Watson
<jed.watson@me.com>), bytes-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed Watson
<jed.watson@me.com>), bytes-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed Watson
<jed.watson@me.com>), C library of Limited memory BFGS (L-BFGS).
(Copyright (c) 1990, Jorge Nocedal; Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Naoaki
Okazaki, All rights reserved.), callsite-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011, 2013
TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), camelcase-2.1.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
camelize-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), carbon-components-react.js
(Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), chalk-0.4.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), chalk-1.1.3
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), cipher (Copyright (c) 2000 - 2004 The Legion Of The
Bouncy Castle), classnames (Copyright (c) 2016 Jed Watson.),
classnames-2.2.5 (Copyright (c) 2018 Jed Watson), clone-0.2.0 (Copyright
 Â¬ Â© 2011-2014 Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>), clone-1.0.2 (Copyright  Â¬ Â©
2011-2015 Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>), clone-stats-0.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy), co-4.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), code-point-at-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), codec (Copyright
(c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke), codemirror-5.22.0 (Copyright (C) 2016 by
Marijn Haverbeke <marijnh@gmail.com> and others), coffee-script.js
(Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremy Ashkenas), colour-0.7.1 (Copyright (c) 2010
Marak Squires Alexis Sellier (cloudhead) Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel Wirtz
<dcode@dcode.io>), combined-stream-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable
Limited <felix@debuggable.com>), combined-stream-1.0.6 (Copyright (c)
2011 Debuggable Limited <felix@debuggable.com>), commander-2.12.2
(Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
commander-2.15.1 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), commander-2.9.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), component-bind-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2012 TJ Holowaychuk), component-emitter-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014
Component contributors <dev@component.io>), component-inherit-0.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2013 TJ Holowaychuk), composition (Copyright (c) 2004,
The Codehaus), compressible-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), compressible-2.0.14 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah Senkpiel
<fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), compression-1.0.11 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), compression-1.7.3 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), concat-map (By James
Halliday), concat-map-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2018 James Halliday),
concat-stream-1.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Max Ogden), concat-stream-1.6.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Max Ogden), configurator (Copyright (c) 2004, The
Codehaus), connect-3.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c)
2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011-2014 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), connect-redis-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 TJ
Holowaychuk), content-disposition-0.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), content-disposition-0.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2014
Douglas Christopher Wilson), content-range 0.2.0 (By Greg BergÃƒË†
<berge.greg@gmail.com>), content-security-policy-builder-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Evan Hahn), content-security-policy-builder-2.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Evan Hahn), content-type-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), content-type-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), cookie-0.1.0 (Copyright (C) Roman Shtylman
<shtylman@gmail.com>), cookie-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Roman
Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>), cookie-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014
Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), cookie-0.2.3 (Copyright
(c) 2012-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), cookie-0.3.1
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
cookie-parser-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca> Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), cookie-signature-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2012
LearnBoost <tj@learnboost.com>), cookie-signature-1.0.6 (Copyright (c)
2012 LearnBoost <tj@learnboost.com>), core-js-1.2.7 (Copyright (c) 2015
Denis Pushkarev), core-js-2.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Denis
Pushkarev), core-util-is-1.0.2 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All
rights reserved.), cors-2.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>), crc-3.4.0 (Copyright 2014 Alex Gorbatchev),
create-react-class-15.6.3 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
crt (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), cryptography (Copyright (c)
2000 - 2004 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle), csrf-3.0.6 (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CSS, LESS, SASS (No
copyright Statement), csurf-1.8.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), ctype-0.5.3 (Copyright 2011 Robert Mustacchi.
All rights reserved.Copyright 2011 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
cucumber-core (Copyright (c) The Cucumber Organisation), cucumber-guice
(Copyright (c) The Cucumber Organisation), cucumber-html-0.2.3
(Copyright (c) Cucumber Ltd), cucumber-java (Copyright (c) The Cucumber
Organisation), cucumber-junit (Copyright (c) The Cucumber Organisation),
curl (Copyright (C) 1998 - 2015, Daniel Stenberg), d3 (Copyright
2010-2017 Mike Bostock), Dagre (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris Pettitt),
dashdash-1.14.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Trent Mick. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) 2013 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
dasherize-2.0.0 (None found), dashify-0.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), date-extended-0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pollenware),
dateformat-2.2.0 ((c) 2007-2009 Steven Levithan), debug-0.7.4 (Copyright
(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk), debug-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk),
debug-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
debug-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk), debug-2.6.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-2.6.7 (Copyright
(c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-2.6.8 (Copyright
(c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-2.6.9 (Copyright
(c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), debug-3.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk), decamelize-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), declare.js 0.0.8
(Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Doug Martin), deep-diff-0.3.8 (Copyright (c)
2011-2013 Phillip Clark), deep-extend-0.4.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-2015
Viacheslav Lotsmanov), deep-residual-networks weights (Copyright (c)
2016 Shaoqing Ren), defaults-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Elijah Insua),
delayed-stream-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited
<felix@debuggable.com>), delegates-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), depd-0.4.4 (Copyright (c) 2014
Douglas Christopher Wilson), depd-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), deprecated-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), destroy-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong me@jongleberry.com), detect-file-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016-2017,
Brian Woodward.), dicer-0.2.5 (Copyright Brian White. All rights
reserved.), dirent.h - dirent API for Microsoft Visual Studio (Copyright
(C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko), Diskv (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter
Bourgon), dns-prefetch-control-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Evan Hahn),
dont-sniff-mimetype-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 Evan Hahn Adam
Baldwin), double-ended-queue-2.1.0-0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Petka Antonov),
downshift-1.31.16 (Copyright (c) 2017 PayPal), downshift-1.31.4
(Copyright (c) 2017 PayPal), dropdown-toggle.js (Copyright (c) 2012-2014
the AngularUI Team), duplexer-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.),
easyjson (Copyright (c) 2016 Mail.Ru Group), EasyMock (Copyright (c)
2001-2008 OFFIS, Tammo Freese, Henri Tremblay.), ecc-jsbn-0.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremie Miller * Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu),
ee-first-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),
ee-first-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),
ee-first-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),
ejs-0.8.8 (Copyright (c) 2009-2010 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), emickle ((c) 2012-2015,
http://ernestmicklei.com), encodeurl-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), encoding-0.1.12 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Andris
Reinman), end-of-stream-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
engine.io-1.5.4 (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch
&lt;guillermo@learnboost.com&gt;), engine.io-client-1.5.4 (MIT -
Copyright (c) 2014 Automattic Inc.), engine.io-parser-1.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Automattic <dev@cloudup.com>), erlang-oauth (Copyright (c)
2008-2009 Tim Fletcher <http://tfletcher.com/>), errorhandler-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), es5-shim-3.0.2
(Copyright (C) 2009-2014 Kristopher Michael Kowal and contributors),
escape-html-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c)
2015 Andreas LubbeCopyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu),
escape-string-regexp-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), etag-1.7.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), etag-1.8.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), etap (Copyright (c) 2008-2009
Nick Gerakines <nick@gerakines.net>), event-stream-3.3.4 (Copyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), eventemitter3-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Arnout
Kazemier), eventemitter3-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Arnout Kazemier),
expand-brackets-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
expand-range-1.8.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
expand-tilde-1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
expect-ct-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evan Hahn), express-4.13.4
(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
express-4.15.3 (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), express-limiter-1.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Dustin Diaz), express-session-1.13.0 (Copyright (c)
2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), extend-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan
Thomas), extend-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas),
extend-shallow-3.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
extended 0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pollenware), extender - v0.0.10
- 2014-04-01 (Copyright (c) 2014 Doug Martin (blog.dougamartin.com)),
extender 0.0.10 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pollenware), extglob-0.3.2
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), extsprintf-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2012 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), extsprintf-1.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2012 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), fancy-log-1.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2015 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com>), fast-csv-0.6.0
(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 C2FO), fast-deep-equal-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), fast-deep-equal-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2017
Evgeny Poberezkin), fast-json-stable-stringify-2.0.0 (None found),
fbjs-0.8.16 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
filename-regex-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert),
fill-range-2.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
finalhandler-0.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), finalhandler-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), find-index-0.1.1
(None found), findup-sync-0.4.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 "Cowboy" Ben
Alman), fined-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Blaine Bublitz Tyler Kellen and
other contributors), finished-1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), first-chunk-stream-1.0.0 (None found),
flagged-respawn-0.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen), flat-crypto
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 the fiat-crypto authors (see the AUTHORS
file).), flatpickr 2.6.3 (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
flatpickr v2.6.3 (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan), flatpickr-2.6.3
(Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan), flatpickr-4.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2017 Gregory Petrosyan), flatpickr-4.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory
Petrosyan), flatpickr-4.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
follow-redirects 1.5.0 (Copyright 2017 Olivier Lalonde
<olalonde@gmail.com> James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh),
follow-redirects-1.2.6 (Copyright 2017 Olivier Lalonde
<olalonde@gmail.com> James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh),
follow-redirects-1.4.1 (Copyright 2017 Olivier Lalonde
<olalonde@gmail.com> James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh),
for-in-0.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), for-own-0.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), form-data-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Felix GeisendÃ‹â€ rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),
form-data-2.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2012 Felix GeisendÃ‹â€ rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors), form-data-2.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2012 Felix GeisendÃ‹â€ rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),
forwarded-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
forwarded-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
frameguard-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin),
frameguard-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), fresh
(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk  Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), fresh-0.2.2 (Copyright (c)
2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), fresh-0.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), from-0.1.3 (Copyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), fs-exists-sync-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), Future (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Python Charmers Pty Ltd,
Australia), future-0.16.0 (Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Python Charmers Pty
Ltd, Australia), gaze-0.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Kyle Robinson Young),
generate-function-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
generate-object-property-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
gentramp.sh (Copyright (c) 2010, Plausible Labs Cooperative, Inc.),
getpass-0.1.7 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
gherkin-2.12.2 (Copyright (c) Cucumber Ltd, Gaspar Nagy, BjÃ‹â€ rn
Rasmusson, Peter Sergeant), glob-base-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), glob-stream-3.1.18 (Copyright (c) 2013 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), glob-watcher-0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2013
Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>), glob2base-0.0.12 (Copyright (c)
2014 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>), global __setjmp (Copyright
2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), global-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Colingo.),
global-modules-0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
global-prefix-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
globals-9.18.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), globule-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 "Cowboy" Ben
Alman), glogg-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz), go (Copyright
(c) 2016 json-iterator), go-humanize (Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Dustin
Sallings), go-md2man (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff), go-restful
(Copyright (c) 2017 Ernest Micklei), go-runewith (Copyright (c) 2016
Yasuhiro Matsumoto), go-shellquote (Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin Ballard),
go-spew (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Dave Collins), goods/yaml (Copyright
(c) 2014 Sam Ghods), graceful-readlink-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye
Li), gulp-3.9.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), gulp-util-3.0.8 (Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), gulplog-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine
Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and other contributors), gunicorn (2009-2015
(c) Beno Ë†Å¡Ãƒâ€ t Chesneau 2009-2015 (c) Paul J. Davis), gunicorn-19.4.5
(2009-2016 (c) Benoit Chesneau; 2009-2015 (c) Paul J. Davis),
gunicorn.debug (Copyright (c) 2005-2006, Bob Ippolito Copyright (c)
2007-2010, Linden Research, Inc. Copyright (c) 2008-2010, Eventlet
Contributors), gunicorn.reloader (2010 (c) Meebo, Inc.), gunicorn/six.py
(Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Benjamin Peterson), Handlebars (Copyright (C)
2011 by Yehuda Katz), has-ansi-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), has-binary-0.1.6
(Copyright (c) 2014 Kevin Roark), has-color-0.1.7 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), has-cors-1.0.3
(None found), has-gulplog-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 gulp), helmet-2.1.3
(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-3.12.0
(Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-csp-1.2.2
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-csp-2.7.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), hide-powered-by-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 2015 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), homedir-polyfill-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2016 Brian Woodward), hpkp-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), hpkp-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Evan Hahn
Adam Baldwin), hsts-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Evan Hahn Adam
Baldwin), hsts-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin),
html5lib-0.9999999 (Copyright (c) 2006-2013 James Graham and other
contributors), http-errors-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), http-errors-1.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), http-proxy-1.13.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016
Charlie Robbins Jarrett Cruger & the Contributors.), http-proxy-1.17.0
(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Charlie Robbins Jarrett Cruger & the
Contributors.), http-range-parse 1.0.0 (By Purpose Industries
<dev@purposeindustries.co>), http-signature-0.11.0 (Copyright Joyent
Inc. All rights reserved.), http-signature-1.1.1 (Copyright Joyent Inc.
All rights reserved.), http-signature-1.2.0 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All
rights reserved.), httpcache (Copyright  Â© 2012 Greg Jones),
iconv-lite-0.4.15 (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin),
iconv-lite-0.4.19 (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin),
iconv-lite-0.4.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin), IDLSave
(Copyright (c) 2010 Thomas P. Robitaille), ienoopen-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2014 2015 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), indexof-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
Holowaychuk), inflection (Copyright (c) 2015 Christoffer Winterkvist),
install.sh (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), internal.logging
(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved.), interpret-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen), IntEuclideanTest.java (Copyright (c)
2011 Tim Buktu (tbuktu@hotmail.com)), invariant-2.2.2 (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), invariant-2.2.4 (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), invert-kv-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
io.netty.util.internal.logging (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All
rights reserved.), ipaddr.js-1.0.5 (Copyright (C) 2011 Peter Zotov
<whitequark@whitequark.org>), ipaddr.js-1.4.0 (Copyright (C) 2011 Peter
Zotov <whitequark@whitequark.org>), is-absolute-0.2.6 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.Copyright (c) 2009-2016 TJ Holowaychuk.),
is-buffer-1.1.4 (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), is-buffer-1.1.6
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), is-dotfile-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2015 Jon Schlinkert), is-equal-shallow-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), is-extendable-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
is-extendable-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
is-extended - v0.0.10 - 2013-06-06 (Copyright (c) 2013 Doug Martin),
is-extglob (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), is-extglob-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), is-fullwidth-code-point
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-fullwidth-code-point-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-glob (Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), is-glob-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Jon Schlinkert.), is-my-json-valid (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
is-my-json-valid-2.13.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
is-my-json-valid-2.16.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), is-number
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), is-number-2.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), is-plain-object (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Jon Schlinkert.), is-plain-object-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), is-posix-bracket (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), is-posix-bracket-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), is-primitive (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
is-primitive-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
is-property (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola Lysenko), is-property-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola Lysenko), is-relative-0.2.1 (Copyright (c)
2014 2015 Jon Schlinkert), is-stream (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-stream-1.1.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
is-typedarray (By Hugh Kennedy <hughskennedy@gmail.com>),
is-typedarray-1.0.0 (None found), is-unc-path (Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Jon Schlinkert), is-unc-path-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert), is-utf8 (Copyright (C) 2014 Wei Fanzhe), is-utf8-0.2.1
(Copyright (C) 2014 Wei Fanzhe), is-windows (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), is-windows-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
isarray-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), isarray-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), isobject (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), isobject-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
isobject-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
isomorphic-fetch-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Matt Andrews), isstream-0.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rod Vagg), Java 0.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Near
Infinity Corporation), java-statsd-client (Copyright (C) 2014 youDevise;
Ltd.), Javascript-Voronoi (Copyright (C) 2010-2013 Raymond Hill),
jedis-2.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan Leibiusky), jedis-2.9.0
(Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan Leibiusky), jetty-util (Copyright 1996 Aki
Yoshida, modified April 2001 by Iris Van den Broeke, Daniel Deville.),
jmespath-0.9.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
All Rights Reserved.), jmockit (Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rog?rio
Liesenfeld), jmockit-coverage (Copyright (c) 2006 RogÃƒË†rio Liesenfeld),
jnr-x86asm-1.0.2 (Copyright (C) 2010 Wayne Meissner, Copyright (c)
2008-2009, Petr Kobalicek), jopt-simple-3.2 (Copyright (c) 2004-2015
Paul R. Holser, Jr.), Jq Files: * (Copyright: 2012 Stephen Dolan
<mu@netsoc.tcd.ie>), jQuery (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors http://jquery.com/), jquery 2.2.3 ((c) jQuery Foundation),
jquery Javascript Library v3.1.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), jQuery Javascripy Livrary (Copyright 2010, John Resig),
jquery-2.1.4 (Copyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
jquery-ui-1.8.11.custom.css components: (Copyright (c) 2011 Paul Bakaus,
http://jqueryui.com/), jquery.js component: (Copyright (c) 2009 John
Resig, http://jquery.com/), js-string-escape (Copyright (c) 2013 Jo
Liss), js-string-escape-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jo Liss),
js-tokens-3.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 Simon Lydell),
js-yaml (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), js-yaml-3.11.0
(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), js-yaml-3.7.0 (Copyright (C)
2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), jsbn-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom
Wu), JSLitmus.js, (copyright Robert Kieffer <http://broofa.com/>),
json-schema-traverse (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
json-schema-traverse-0.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
json-schema-traverse-0.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
json-stable-stringify (By James Halliday), json-stable-stringify-1.0.1
(No Copyright Statement), json3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Kit
Cambridge.), json3-3.2.6 (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Kit Cambridge.),
JsonCpp (copyright (c) 2007-2010 Baptiste Lepilleur), jsonlint-mod 1.7.2
(Copyright (C) 2012 Zachary Carter), jsonparse (Copyright (c) 2012 Tim
Caswell), jsonparse-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Caswell),
jsonparse-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Caswell), jsonpointer ((c) 2011
Jan Lehnardt <jan@apache.org>), jsonpointer-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt jan@apache.org & Marc Bachmann
https://github.com/marcbachmann), jsonpointer-4.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt <jan@apache.org> & Marc Bachmann
<https://github.com/marcbachmann>), JSONStream-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2011
Dominic Tarr), JSONStream-1.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
jsonwebtoken (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc. <support@auth0.com>
(http://auth0.com)), jsonwebtoken-8.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc.
<support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), jsprim (Copyright (c) 2012
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), jsprim-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2012
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), jsprim-1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2012
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), jwa (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J.
Brennan), jwa-1.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), jws-3.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), karlseguin/ccache (Copyright (c)
2013 Karl Seguin), Keras (Copyright (c) 2015, Franois Chollet. All
rights reserved), Keras Google contributions (Copyright (c) 2015,
Google, Inc. All rights reserved.), Keras Microsoft contributions
(Copyright (c) 2017, Microsoft, Inc. All rights reserved.), kind-of
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), kind-of-3.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), klib/khash.h (Copyright (c) 2008, 2009, 2011
by Attractive Chaos), kr/pty (Copyright (c) 2011 Keith Rarick),
kubernetes-client 4.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 GoDaddy Operating Company
LLC.), kxml2-2.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2002,2003, Stefan Haustein,
Oberhausen, Rhld., Germany), lcid (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), lcid-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus), libffi (opyright (c) 1996-2014 Anthony Green, Red Hat,
Inc and others), LICENSE.txt (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/future),
liftoff (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen), liftoff-2.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2014 Tyler Kellen), loadable-components (Copyright 2017 Smooth Code),
loadable-components-0.4.0 (Copyright 2017 Smooth Code), lodash
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash (Custom Build) <https://lodash.com/>
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash-1.0.2 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-2.4.2 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-3.10.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-4.13.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-4.16.4 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-4.17.10 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-4.17.4 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash-4.17.5 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash-es-4.17.10 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
lodash-es-4.17.4 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), lodash._baseassign (Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._baseassign-3.2.0
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash._basecopy
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._basecopy-3.0.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash._basefor (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._basefor-3.0.3 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash._basetostring (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._basetostring-3.0.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash._basevalues (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._basevalues-3.0.0
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash._bindcallback
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._bindcallback-3.0.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash._createassigner (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._createassigner-3.1.1
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash._getnative
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._getnative-3.9.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash._isiterateecall (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._isiterateecall-3.0.9
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash._reescape
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._reescape-3.0.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash._reevaluate (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._reevaluate-3.0.0 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash._reinterpolate (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._reinterpolate-3.0.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash._root (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._root-3.0.1 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.assign (Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.assign-3.2.0
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.assignin
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.assignin-4.2.0 (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors), lodash.assignwith 4.2.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.clonedeep (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.clonedeep-4.5.0 (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors), lodash.curry (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.curry-4.1.1 (Copyright
JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.debounce (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
lodash.debounce-4.0.8 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.escape (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.escape-3.2.0 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.findindex (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.findindex-4.6.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.frompairs 4.0.1 (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.get (Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.get-4.4.2
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.has 4.5.2
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.includes 4.3.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.isarguments (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.isarguments-3.1.0 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.isarray (Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.isarray-3.0.4
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.isboolean 3.0.3
(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.isempty (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.isempty-4.4.0 (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors), lodash.isequal (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.isequal-4.5.0
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.isfunction
(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.isfunction-3.0.8 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash.isinteger 4.0.4 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.isnumber 3.0.3
(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.isobject (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.isobject-3.0.2 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.isplainobject (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.isplainobject-3.2.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash.isplainobject-4.0.6 (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors), lodash.isstring (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.isstring-4.0.1
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.keys (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.keys-3.1.2 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.keysin (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.keysin-3.0.8 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.map (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.map-4.6.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.mapvalues (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.mapvalues-4.6.0 (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors), lodash.merge-4.6.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.omit (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.omit-4.5.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.once (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.once-4.1.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors), lodash.pick (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.pick-4.4.0 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.reduce (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.reduce
4.5.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.reduce-4.6.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors), lodash.restparam (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.restparam-3.6.1
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), lodash.set (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.set-4.3.2 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.template (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.template-3.6.2 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), lodash.templatesettings (Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.templatesettings-3.1.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors), lodash.trimend (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.trimend-4.5.1 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), Logging (Copyright (c) 2004-2011
QOS.ch), LogicalOperator.java (Copyright (c) 2001-2007 OFFIS, Henri
Tremb), loose-envify-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Andres Suarez
<zertosh@gmail.com>), Lua (Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio),
lua-apk.c ((C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio), Lucene ICU4J (Copyright (c)
1995-2008 International Business Machines Corporation), lunr (Copyright
(C) 2015 Oliver Nightingale), make-array 0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2013
kaelzhang <i@kael.me> contributors), manakin 0.5.1 (Copyright  Â¬ Â© 2017
[Vitaly Tomilov](https://github.com/vitaly-t)), map-cache (Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), map-cache-0.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), map-stream (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
map-stream-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), marked (Copyright
(c) 2011-2014, Christopher Jeffrey.), matchMedia polyfill (copyright (c)
2012: Scott Jehl, Paul Irish, Nicholas Zakas.), media-typer (Copyright
(c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson), media-typer-0.2.0 (Copyright (c)
2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson), media-typer-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Douglas Christopher Wilson), merge-descriptors-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), methods-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-2014
TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), micromatch-2.3.11
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), mime (Copyright (c) 2010
Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer), mime-1.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin
Thomas Robert Kieffer), mime-db (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db 1.35.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db-1.23.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db-1.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db-1.27.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db-1.29.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db-1.33.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-types (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong me@jongleberry.com), mime-types-2.1.11 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-2.1.14 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-2.1.15 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-2.1.16 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-2.1.18 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime-types-2.1.19 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), minimatch-0.2.14 (Copyright 2009 2010
2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter.), minimist (By James Halliday), minimist-0.0.8
(Copyright 2014 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), minimist-1.2.0
(Copyright 2014 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), mitchellh
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto), mkdirp-0.5.1 (Copyright 2010
James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), mochiweb (Copyright (c) 2007 Mochi
Media, Inc.), Mockito (Copyright (c) 2007 Mockito contributors),
mockito-all-1.10.19 (Copyright (c) 2007 Mockito contributors),
mockito-all-1.10.8 (Copyright (c) 2007 Mockito contributors),
mockito-core-1.10.19 (Copyright: (c) 2007 Mockito contributorsApache v2
Apache Commons Lang), mockito-core-1.9.5 (Copyright: (c) 2007 Mockito
contributorsApache v2 Apache Commons Lang), moman/finenight FSA
(Copyright (c) 2010, Jean-Philippe Barrette-LaPierre), moment (Copyright
(c) 2011-2016 Tim Wood Iskren Chernev Moment.js contributors),
moment-2.14.1 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Tim Wood Iskren Chernev Moment.js
contributors), moment-2.19.1 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), moment-2.19.4 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), moment-2.22.1 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), moment-timezone (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), moment-timezone-0.5.13 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and
other contributors), moment-timezone-0.5.14 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation
and other contributors), moment.js (No Copyright Statement), morgan
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), morgan-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), morgan-1.8.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), ms
(Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch <rauchg@gmail.com>), ms-0.6.2
(Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit, Inc.), ms-0.7.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit,
Inc.), ms-0.7.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.), ms-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2016 Zeit Inc.), msgpack-js 0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Tim Caswell
<tim@creationix.com>), mtrand.pyx (Copyright 2005 Robert Kern), multer
(Copyright (c) 2014 Hage Yaapa
<[http://www.hacksparrow.com](http://www.hacksparrow.com)>),
multer-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Hage Yaapa
<[http://www.hacksparrow.com](http://www.hacksparrow.com)>),
multer-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Hage Yaapa
<[http://www.hacksparrow.com](http://www.hacksparrow.com)>), multipipe
(Copyright (c) 2014 Segment.io Inc. <friends@segment.io> Copyright (c)
2014 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), multipipe-0.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Segment.io Inc. <friends@segment.io> Copyright (c)
2014 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), munch 2.3.0 (Copyright
(c) 2010 David Schoonover), musl (Copyright Â© 2005-2014 Rich Felker,
et al.), musl-utils (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), mv
(Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew Kelley), mv-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew
Kelley), nan (Copyright (c) 2017 NAN contributors), nan-2.10.0
(Copyright (c) 2018 NAN contributors), nan-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 NAN
contributors), nan-2.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 NAN contributors),
nan-2.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 NAN contributors), nan-2.8.0 (Copyright
(c) 2017 NAN contributors), ncp (Copyright (C) 2011 by Charlie
McConnell), ncp-2.0.0 (Copyright (C) 2011 by Charlie McConnel),
negotiator (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico RomeroCopyright (c)
2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), negotiator-0.4.7 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico Romero
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. Schlueter Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), negotiator-0.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014
Federico RomeroCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), negotiator-0.6.1 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Federico Romero Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. Schlueter
Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), ng-file-upload
(Copyright (c) 2013 danialfarid), ng-file-upload-6.0.4 (Copyright (c)
2013 danialfarid), ng-focus-if-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jonathan Hieb),
ng-infinite-scroll (Copyright (c) 2012 Michelle Tilley),
ng-infinite-scroll-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Michelle Tilley),
ng-redux-3.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 William Buchwalter),
ng-tags-input-3.1.2 (No Copyright Statement), nocache (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), nocache-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), nocache-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), node-fetch-1.7.3 (Copyright (c) 2016
David Frank), node-postgres (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Brian Carlson
(brian.m.carlson@gmail.com)), node-statsd (Copyright 2011 Steve Ivy. All
rights reserved.), node-statsd-0.1.1 (Copyright 2011 Steve Ivy. All
rights reserved.), node-uuid-1.4.8 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert
Kieffer and other contributors), nodeunit.js (Copyright (c) 2010 Caolan
McMahon), nomnom (Copyright (c) 2010 Heather Arthur), nomnom-1.8.1
(Copyright (c) 2010 Heather Arthur), normalize-path (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), normalize-path-2.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), normalize.css v3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Nicolas
Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), normalizeCSS (No copyright Statement),
number-is-nan-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), numeral (Copyright (c)
2016 Adam Draper), numeral-2.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2016 Adam Draper),
Numeric Javascript (Copyright (C) 2011 by Sebastien Loisel; Copyright
(c) 2011 Alberto Santini), numpy-1.13.1 (Copyright (c) 2005-2016, NumPy
Developers. All rights reserved), oauth-0.9.15 (Copyright (c)
<2010-2012> <Ciaran Jessup>), object-assign (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), object-assign-3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), object-assign-4.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), object-component
(Copyright (c) 2013 TJ Holowaychuk), object-component-0.0.3 (Copyright
(c) 2013 TJ Holowaychuk), object-extended - v0.0.7 - 2013-06-06
(Copyright (c) 2013 Doug Martin), object-extended 0.0.7 (Copyright (c)
2011-2012 Pollenware), object-keys (Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan Harband),
object-keys-1.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan Harband), object.omit-2.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert), Objenesis (Copyright (c) 2007
Mockito contributors), on-finished (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), on-finished-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), on-finished-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), on-headers (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), on-headers-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), OperatingSystemUtils.java (Copyright (c) 2004, The
Codehaus), options (Copyright(c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik
<einaros@gmail.com>), options-0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2012 Einar Otto
Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;), orchestrator (Copyright (c) 2013
[Richardson & Sons LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)),
orchestrator-0.3.8 (Copyright (c) 2013 [Richardson & Sons
LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)), ordered-read-streams-0.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Artem Medeusheyev), ordered_dict (Copyright 2009
Raymond Hettinger), ordered_dict.py (Copyright 2009 Raymond Hettinger),
ordered_dict.py (recipes) (Copyright 2009 Raymond Hettinger),
ordered_set.py (Copyright (C) 2009 Raymond Hettinger), ordereddict.py
(Copyright (c) 2009 Raymond Hettinger), org.codehaus.plexus.resource
(Copyright (c) 2004, The Codehaus), os-homedir (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), os-homedir-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), os-locale (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), os-locale-1.4.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
os-tmpdir (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), os-tmpdir-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), oscrypto (urllib3)
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Will Bond <will@wbond.net>), package
io.netty.util.internal.logging (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All
rights reserved.), packet-reader (Copyright 2015 Brian M. Carlson),
packet-reader-0.3.1 (Copyright 2015 Brian M. Carlson), parse-filepath
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), parse-filepath-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), parse-glob (Copyright (c)
2015 Jon Schlinkert.), parse-glob-3.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), parse-passwd (Copyright (c) 2016 Brian Woodward),
parse-passwd-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Brian Woodward), ParseJSON
(Copyright (c) 2015 Gal Koren), parseqs (Copyright (c) 2015 Gal Koren),
parseqs-0.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Gal Koren), Parses an URI (@author
Steven Levithan stevenlevithan.com), parseuri (Copyright (c) 2014 Gal
Koren), parseuri-0.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com> Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), parseuri-0.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014 Gal
Koren), parseurl-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com> Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), parseurl-1.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com> Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), passport (Copyright (c) 2011-2015
Jared Hanson), passport-0.1.18 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson),
passport-0.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jared Hanson), passport-http
(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson), passport-http-0.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson), passport-local (Copyright (c) 2011-2014
Jared Hanson), passport-local-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Jared
Hanson), passport-oauth (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth1 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth1-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth2 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth2-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Jared Hanson),
passport-oauth2-refresh (Copyright (c) 2014 Tom Spencer),
passport-oauth2-refresh-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tom Spencer),
passport-strategy (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson),
passport-strategy-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared Hanson),
path-is-absolute (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), path-is-absolute-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), path-root (Copyright (c)
2016 Jon Schlinkert.), path-root-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), path-root-regex (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
path-root-regex-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
path-to-regexp-0.1.7 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), pathlib-1.0.1 (Copyright 2012-2014, Antoine
Pitrou and contributors.), pause (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), pause-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca> Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), pause-stream-0.0.11 (Copyright (c)
2013 Dominic Tarr), pegjs-0.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 David Majda),
performance-now (Copyright (c) 2013 Meryn Stol), performance-now-0.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Meryn Stol), performance-now-2.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2013 Braveg1rl), perks (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), pg-7.4.1
(Copyright (c) 2010 - 2018 Brian Carlson), pg-connection-string
(Copyright (c) 2014 Iced Development), pg-connection-string-0.1.3
(Copyright (c) 2014 Iced Development), pg-cursor 1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2013 Brian M. Carlson), pg-minify 0.5.4 (Copyright Â© 2018 [Vitaly
Tomilov](https://github.com/vitaly-t)), pg-pool (Copyright (c) 2017
Brian M. Carlson), pg-pool-2.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2017 Brian M. Carlson),
pg-promise 8.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2018 Vitaly Tomilov), pg-types 1.12.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Brian M. Carlson), pgpass (Copyright (c) 2013-2016
Hannes HÃ‹â€ rl), pgpass-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Hannes HÃ‹â€ rl), Pip
(Copyright (c) 2008-2016 The pip developers), pip (Python) (Copyright
(c) 2008-2016 The pip developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)), pkginfo ((C)
2011; Charlie Robbins), pkginfo-0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie
Robbins.), platform (Copyright 2014-2016 Benjamin Tan
<https://d10.github.io/>Copyright 2011-2013 John-David Dalton
<http://allyoucanleet.com/>), platform-1.3.1 (Copyright 2014-2016
Benjamin Tan <https://d10.github.io/>Copyright 2011-2013 John-David
Dalton <http://allyoucanleet.com/>), platform-1.3.5 (Copyright 2014-2018
Benjamin Tan <https://demoneaux.github.io/>Copyright 2011-2013
John-David Dalton <http://allyoucanleet.com/>), platform.js (Copyright
2011-2013 John-David Dalton <http://allyoucanleet.com/>),
plexus-compiler-manager (Copyright (c) 2005, The Codehaus), plexus-utils
(Copyright (c) 2004, The Codehaus), plexus.compiler (Copyright (c) 2005,
The Codehaus), Plottable.js (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Palantir
Technologies, Inc.), plugin-error-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine
Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and
other contributors), Polo (Copyright (c) 2016 Adrian Veres),
postgres-array 1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), postgres-bytea 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), postgres-date 1.0.3 (Copyright
(c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)),
postgres-interval 1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), pq (Copyright (c) 2011-2013, 'pq' Contributors,
portions Copyright (C) 2011 Blake Mizeran), preserve (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), preserve-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), pretty-hrtime (Copyright (c) 2013 [Richardson & Sons
LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)), pretty-hrtime-1.0.3 (Copyright (c)
2013 [Richardson & Sons LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)),
process-nextick-args-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf), promise
(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay), promise-7.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Forbes Lindesay), promy 0.1.0 (Copyright (c) astur <astur@yandex.ru>
(http://kozlov.am/)), prop-types (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook
Inc.), prop-types-15.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
prop-types-15.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
proxy-addr-1.0.10 (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
proxy-addr-1.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
pty (Copyright (c) 2011 Keith Rarick), punycode (Copyright Mathias
Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), punycode-1.4.1 (Copyright Mathias
Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), punycode-2.1.1 (Copyright Mathias
Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), py-yaml-3.12 (Copyright (c) 2006
Kirill Simonov), pyamf (No Copyright found), pycurl-7.43.0 (Copyright
(C) 2001-2008 by Kjetil Jacobsen <kjetilja at gmail.com> Copyright (C)
2001-2008 by Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer <markus at oberhumer.com> Copyright
(C) 2013-2016 by Oleg Pudeyev <oleg at bsdpower.com> All rights
reserved.), PyJWT (Copyright (c) 2015 Jos  Â© Padilla), pyparsing.py
(Copyright (c) 2003-2016 Paul T. McGuire), Python wrapper (Copyright (c)
2004 David M. Cooke <cookedm@physics.mcmaster.ca>), python-crfsuite
0.9.6 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 ScrapingHub Inc. and contributors.), pytz
2018.3 (Copyright (c) 2003-2017 Stuart Bishop
<stuart@stuartbishop.net>), pytz-2017.2 (Copyright (c) 2003-2017 Stuart
Bishop <stuart@stuartbishop.net>), pywebmachine (Copyright 2009 Paul J.
Davis), PyYAML (Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Ingy dÃ‹â€ t Net Copyright (c)
2006-2016 Kirill Simonov), PyYAML-3.11 (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill
Simonov), query- selector 1.0.9 (By yiminghe <yiminghe@gmail.com>),
query.jstree.js (jsTree) (Copyright (c) 2010 Ivan Bozhanov
(vakata.com)), QUnit - A JavaScript Unit Testing Framework (Copyright
(c) 2009 John Resig, JÃ‹â€ rn Zaefferer), random-bytes (Copyright (c) 2016
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), random-bytes-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), randomatic-1.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Jon
Schlinkert), range-parser (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com), range-parser-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <vision-media.ca>), range-parser-1.2.0 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com), raw-body (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), raw-body-1.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), raw-body-2.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), rc
(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), rc-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2013 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
react-16.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
react-codemirror2-3.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2017 Sal Niro), react-dom-16.3.2
(Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), react-flatpickr 3.6.4 (By
haoxin), react-loading-skeleton 0.3.2 (Copyright 2017 David Tang),
react-redux-5.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2015-present Dan Abramov),
react-tooltip (Copyright (c) 2015 Wang Zixiao), react-tooltip-3.4.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Wang Zixiao), readable-stream (Copyright Joyent Inc.
and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.),
readable-stream-1.0.34 (Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), readable-stream-1.1.14 (Copyright
Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.),
readable-stream-2.0.6 (Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), readable-stream-2.2.2 (Copyright
Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.),
readable-stream-2.3.2 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), readable-stream-2.3.3 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All
rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.), rechoir (Copyright (c) 2015 Tyler Kellen),
rechoir-0.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Tyler Kellen), redis (Copyright (c)
2015 by NodeRedis), redis-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 by NodeRedis),
redis-2.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 by NodeRedis), redis-2.6.5 (Copyright
(c) 2016 by NodeRedis), redis-2.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 by NodeRedis),
redis-commands (Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), redis-commands-1.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), redis-commands-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2015
NodeRedis), redis-parser (Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis),
redis-parser-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), redis-parser-2.6.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), reduce-reducers (Copyright (c) Andrew
Clark), reduce-reducers-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) Andrew Clark), redux-3.7.2
(Copyright (c) 2015-present Dan Abramov), redux-actions (Copyright (c)
2016 Andrew Clark), redux-actions-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Andrew
Clark), redux-logger (Copyright (c) 2016 Eugene Rodionov),
redux-logger-3.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2016 Eugene Rodionov),
redux-saga-0.16.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Yassine Elouafi), referrer-policy
(Copyright (c) 2016 Evan Hahn), referrer-policy-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2016 Evan Hahn), regenerator-runtime-0.11.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-present,
Facebook, Inc.), regex-cache-0.4.3 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), repeat-element (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert),
repeat-element-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert), repeat-string
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), repeat-string-1.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), replace-ext (Copyright (c)
2014 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>), replace-ext-0.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>), replacer (Copyright (c)
2009-2012. Steven Baker - bakersemail@hotmail.com.), require.js
(Copyright (c) 2010-2014, The Dojo Foundation), requires-port (Copyright
(c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.),
requires-port-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the
Contributors.), resolve (By James Halliday), resolve-1.2.0 (No Copyright
Statement), resolve-dir (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert),
resolve-dir-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert),
response-time (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), response-time-2.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), restful (Copyright 2014
Ernest Micklei. All rights reserved), rk_interval function (Copyright
2005 Robert Kern), rkhypergeometrichyp rkhypergeometrichrua rktriangular
(Copyright 1998 by Ivan Frohne; Wasilla, Alaska, U.S.A. All Rights),
rndm (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), rndm-1.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), RumAVL - Threaded
AVL Tree Implementation (Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Jesse Long
<jpl@unknown.za.net>, All rights reserved.), safe-buffer-5.1.1
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), safe-buffer-5.1.2 (Copyright (c)
Feross Aboukhadijeh), safe-json-stringify-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
[Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)), safe-json-stringify-1.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 [Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)),
safe-json-stringify-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
[Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)), sanitized_anchor_name (Copyright (c)
2015 Dmitri Shuralyov), SAS7Bdat (Copyright (c) 2015 Jared Hobbs), Sass
Maps Plus 0.9.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Lu Nelson), satori (Copyright (C)
2013-2015 by Maxim Bublis), sched.py (Copyright (c) Oren Tirosh 2012),
send (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), send-0.13.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
send-0.13.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), send-0.15.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
sequencify (Copyright (c) 2013 [Richardson & Sons
LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)), sequencify-0.0.7 (Copyright (c)
2013 [Richardson & Sons LLC](http://richardsonandsons.com/)),
serve-favicon (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011
LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), serve-favicon-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha
Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson), serve-static
(Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright
(c) 2011 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), serve-static-1.10.3 (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright
(c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), serve-static-1.12.3 (Copyright
(c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
setimmediate-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2012 Barnesandnoble.com llc Donavon
West and Domenic Denicola), setuptools-28.8.0 (Copyright (C) 2016 Jason
R Coombs), sgotti (Copyright (C) 2014 Thomas Rooney), simplejson-3.13.2
(Copyright (c) 2006 Bob Ippolito), six (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Benjamin
Peterson), Six (future) (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Benjamin Peterson),
six-1.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Benjamin Peterson), six.py
(Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Benjamin Peterson), Sizzle CSS selector Engine
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors), Sizzle CSS
Selector Engine - v1.0 (Copyright 2009, The Dojo Foundation), sizzle.js
(Copyright 2005, 2014 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other contributors),
sklearn-crfsuite 0.3.6 (By Mikhail Korobov), SLF4J API (Copyright (c)
2004-2011 QOS.ch), SLF4J API Module (Copyright (c) 2004-2017 QOS.ch),
slf4j-api (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.5.6 (Copyright
(c) 2004-2008 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2004-2010 QOS.ch),
slf4j-api-1.7.12 (Copyright (c) 2004-2015 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.7.2
(Copyright (c) 2004-2013 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.7.24 (Copyright (c)
2004-2011 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.7.25 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch),
slf4j-api-1.7.5 (Copyright (c) 2004-2013 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.7.7
(Copyright (c) 2004-2014 QOS.ch), slf4j-api-1.8.0.alpha (Copyright (c)
2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved.), slf4j-log4j12-1.6.1 (Copyright
(c) 2004-2007 QOS.ch), slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011
QOS.chAll rights reserved.), slf4j-log4j12-1.7.5 (Copyright (c)
2004-2007 QOS.ch), slf4j-simple-1.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2004-2007 QOS.ch),
socket.io (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Automattic <dev@cloudup.com>),
socket.io-1.3.7 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Automattic <dev@cloudup.com>),
socket.io-adapter (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch
<guillermo@learnboost.com>), socket.io-adapter-0.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Guillermo Rauch), socket.io-adapter-0.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo
Rauch <guillermo@learnboost.com>), socket.io-client-1.3.7 (Copyright (c)
2014 Guillermo Rauch), socket.io-parser (Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo
Rauch <guillermo@learnboost.com>), socket.io-parser-2.2.2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Guillermo Rauch <guillermo@learnboost.com>), socket.io-parser-2.2.4
(Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch <guillermo@learnboost.com>),
socket.io-redis 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Guillermo Rauch (@rauchg)),
softlayer-api-client-0.2.3 (Copyright SoftLayer Inc.), sparkles
(Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz), sparkles-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Blaine Bublitz), spex 2.0.2 (Copyright Â© 2018 [Vitaly
Tomilov](https://github.com/vitaly-t)), split (Copyright (c) 2011
Dominic Tarr), split-0.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
split-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), split-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), squel 5.8.0 (Copyright (c) [Ramesh
Nair](http://www.hiddentao.com/)), sshpk (Copyright Joyent Inc. All
rights reserved.), sshpk-1.13.1 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), sshpk-1.14.1 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
statsd (Copyright (c) 2015 Alexandre Cesaro), statsd-3.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Alexandre Cesaro), statuses (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), statuses-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), statuses-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), statuses-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), stream-combiner (Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic
Tarr'), stream-combiner-0.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic Tarr'),
stream-consume (Copyright (c) 2014 Aron Nopanen), stream-consume-0.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Aron Nopanen), streamsearch (Copyright Brian White.
All rights reserved.), streamsearch-0.1.2 (Copyright Brian White. All
rights reserved.), string-extended - v0.0.8 - 2014-03-28 (Copyright (c)
2014 Doug Martin), string-extended 0.0.8 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012
Pollenware), string-width-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), string_decoder (Copyright
Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.), string_decoder-0.10.31
(Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.),
string_decoder-1.0.3 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), stringstream (Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), stringstream-0.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2012
Michael Hart (michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), strip-ansi (By Sindre
Sorhus), strip-ansi-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), strip-ansi-3.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), strip-bom (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), strip-bom-1.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
strip-json-comments-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), style-attr 1.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Josh Johnston), supports-color (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
supports-color-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), symbol-observable-1.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Ben Lesh <ben@benlesh.com>), tablewriter
(Copyright 2014 Oleku Konko), tabulate-0.8.2 (Copyright (c) 2011-2017
Sergey Astanin), tailer (Copyright (c) 2012 Mike Thornton), tailer-0.4.1
(Copyright (c) 2012 Mike Thornton), tarfile.py (Copyright (C) 2002 Lars
Gustaebel), tcpkeepalive (Copyright (c) 2017 Simone Gotti),
termcolor-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2008-2011 Volvox Development Team),
Textblob Averaged Perceptron Tagger (Copyright 2013 Matthew Honnibal),
three.js (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 three.js authors), through (Copyright
(c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), through-2.3.8 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), through2-0.6.5 (Copyright 2013 Rod
Vagg (the "Original Author")), through2-2.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2016 Rod
Vagg (the "Original Author") and additional contributors), tildify
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), tildify-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), time-stamp (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert), time-stamp-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon
Schlinkert), time64 (Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Michael G Schwern), tnc
(Copyright (c) 2002-2005, Jean-Sebastien Roy), to-array-0.1.3 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Raynos.), to-fast-properties-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Petka
Antonov), to-utf8 (By Chris Dickinson <chris@neversaw.us>),
to-utf8-0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Chris Dickinson), topological-sort (By
Paddy McCarthy), tqdm 4.24.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 noamraph),
tqdm/_tqdm.py (2016 (c) [PR #96] on behalf of Google Inc.),
tqdm/_tqdm.py setup.py README.rst MANIFEST.in .gitignore (2013 (c) Noam
Yorav-Raphael, original author.), tsscmp (Copyright (c) 2016),
tsscmp-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2016), type-is-1.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2013
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), type-is-1.6.13 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), type-is-1.6.15 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), typedarray
(Copyright (c) 2010 Linden Research Inc. Copyright (c) 2012 Joshua
Bell), typedarray-0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2010 Linden Research Inc.
Copyright (c) 2012 Joshua Bell), ua-parser-js-0.7.17 (Copyright Â©
2012-2016 Faisal Salman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>), ugori (Copyright (c)
2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke. All rights reserved.), uid-safe (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), uid-safe-2.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), uid-safe-2.1.4 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015-2017
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), uid2 (Copyright
(c) 2013 Marco Aurelio), uid2-0.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Marco Aurelio),
ultron (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the
Contributors.), ultron-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout
Kazemier the Contributors.), unc-path-regex (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), unc-path-regex-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
underscore (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy Ashkenas DocumentCloud and
Investigative), underscore-1.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy
Ashkenas DocumentCloud and Investigative), underscore-1.7.0 (Copyright
(c) 2009-2013 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters
& Editors), underscore-1.8.3 (Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas
DocumentCloud and Investigative), underscore.js ((c) 2009-2012 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc), Underscore.js 1.4.3, (copyright 2009-2013
Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc. <http://underscorejs.org/>),
Underscore.js 1.8.3 (Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and
Investigative Reporters & Editors.), Underscore.js 1.8.3
<http://underscorejs.org/LICENSE> (Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
underscore.string-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Esa-Matti Suuronen),
unique-stream (Copyright 2014 Eugene Ware), unpipe (Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), unpipe-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), urfave/cli (Copyright (c) 2016 Jeremy Saenz &
Contributors), urllib3-1.22 (Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov and
contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS.txt)), urorji/go (Copyright (c) 2012-2015
Ugorji Nwoke.), user-home (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), user-home-1.1.1 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), utf-8
((c) 2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann <bjoern@hoehrmann.de>), utf-8 decoder
(Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann), utf-8-validate (Copyright
(c) 2013-2016 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com> (http://2x.io)),
utf-8-validate-1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Einar Otto Stangvik
<einaros@gmail.com> (http://2x.io)), UTF8 (Copyright (c) 2008-2009
Bjoern Hoehrmann <bjoern@hoehrmann.de>), utf8-2.1.0 (Copyright Mathias
Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), Utf8Validator.java (Copyright (c)
2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann), util-deprecate (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan
Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>), util-deprecate-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>), utils-merge (Copyright
(c) 2013 Jared Hanson), utils-merge-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jared
Hanson), utils-merge-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Jared Hanson), uuid
(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other contributors), uuid
3.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other contributors),
uuid-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other
contributors), uuid-3.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and
other contributors), v8flags-2.0.11 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen),
validate.js-0.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Nicklas Ansman 2013 Wrapp),
vary (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), vary-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), vary-1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), vary-1.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), verror (Copyright
(c) 2016 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), verror-1.10.0 (Copyright (c)
2016 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), verror-1.3.6 (Copyright (c) 2012
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), vinyl (Copyright (c) 2013 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), vinyl-0.4.6 (Copyright (c) 2013 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), vinyl-0.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), vinyl-fs (Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), vinyl-fs-0.3.14 (Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>), warning-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013-2015
Facebook Inc.), weblas (Copyright (c) 2015 Waylon Flinn), WEBPACK VAR
INJECTION (Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Petka Antonov), WebSocketClient.java
(Copyright (c) 2009 Carl BystrÃ¢m), WebSocketClientHandler.java
(Copyright (c) 2009 Carl BystrÃ¢m), websocketx (Copyright 2011 The Netty
Project), wgxpath (Copyright (c) 2007 Cybozu Labs, Inc.; Copyright (c)
2012 Google Inc.), whatwg-fetch (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 GitHub Inc.),
whatwg-fetch-2.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 GitHub Inc.), wheels 0.31.1
(copyright (c) 2012-2014 Daniel Holth <dholth@fastmail.fm> and
contributors.), when-3.7.8 (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Cavalier),
window-or-global (Copyright (c) Purpose Industries),
window-or-global-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Purpose Industries),
window-size-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), wrap-ansi
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), wrap-ansi-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ws (Copyright (c) 2011
Einar Otto Stangvik), ws-0.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik
&lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;), x-editable (Copyright (c) 2013 Vitaliy
Potapov), x-xss-protection (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Evan Hahn Adam
Baldwin), x-xss-protection-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Evan Hahn Adam
Baldwin), x-xss-protection-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam
Baldwin), xiang90/probing (Copyright (c) 2015 Xiang Li), xmlhttprequest
(Copyright (c) 2010 passive.ly LLC), xmlhttprequest-1.5.0 (Copyright (c)
2010 passive.ly LLC), xmlhttprequest-1.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2010
passive.ly LLC), xregexp-3.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2007-2016 Steven Levithan
<http://xregexp.com/>), xtend (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Raynos.),
xtend-4.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Raynos.), yaml (Copyright (c) 2014
Sam Ghods), yaml.js (Copyright (c) 2010 Jeremy Faivre), yargs (Copyright
2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), yargs-3.32.0 (Copyright 2010
James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), zap (Copyright (c) 2016 Uber
Technologies, Inc.), jq 1.4-2.1+deb8u1 (Copyright: 2012 Stephen Dolan), 
plexus-interactivity-api (Copyright (c) 2005, The Codehaus)
1to2 -1.0.0 (No copyright statement found), @sindresorhus/is -0.7.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @types/base-64 -0.1.2 (No Copyright Statement),
@types/bluebird -3.5.23 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), @types/caseless -0.12.1 (Copyright (c) Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/events -1.2.0 (Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/form-data -2.2.1
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@types/js-yaml -3.11.2 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), @types/node -8.10.26 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
All rights reserved.), @types/request -2.47.1 (Copyright (c) Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/tough-cookie -2.3.3
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@types/underscore -1.8.9 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All
rights reserved.), @types/websocket -0.0.38 (Copyright (c) Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.), accepts -1.3.5 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), agent-base -4.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), agentkeepalive -3.4.1
(Copyright(c) node-modules and other contributors.Copyright(c) 2012 -
2015 fengmk2 <fengmk2@gmail.com>), aggregate-error -1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ajv -5.5.2
(Copyright (c) 2015 Evgeny Poberezkin), alpine-keys (Maintainer:
Natanael Copa), ansi-regex -2.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ansi-regex -3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ansi-styles -3.2.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ansicolors -0.3.2
(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), ansispan.js (Copyright (C) 2011 by
Maciej MaÃ¢ecki), ansistyles -0.1.3 (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),
anv.js (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Cavalier), archy (No Copyright Found),
argparse -1.0.10 (Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly Puzrin), array-flatten
-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey (hello@blakeembrey.com)), asap
-2.0.6 (Copyright 2009ÃƒÂ±2014 Contributors. All rights reserved.), asn1
-0.2.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage All rights reserved.),
assert-plus (Copyright (c) 2012 Mark Cavage), asynckit -0.4.0 (Copyright
(c) 2016 Alex Indigo), atomic (Copyright (c) 2016 Uber Technologies,
Inc.), aws4 -1.7.0 (Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), aws4 -1.8.0 (Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), balanced-match -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Julian Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), base-64 -0.1.0
(Copyright Mathias Bynens <http://mathiasbynens.be/>), base64url -3.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2013ÃƒÂ±2016 Brian J. Brennan), bluebird -3.5.1 (Copyright
(c) 2013-2017 Petka Antonov), bluebird/index.d.ts (Copyright (c) 2016
unional), body-parser (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com> Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), body-parser -1.18.3 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), boxen -1.3.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
brace-expansion -1.1.11 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), buffer-from -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016, 2018
Linus Unnebck), BufferUtil.fallback.js BufferUtil.js
Validation.fallback.js Validation.js bufferutil.cc validation.cc
(Copyright(c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>),
builtin-modules -1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), builtins -1.0.3 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), byline -5.0.0
(node-byline (C) 2011-2015 John Hewson), byte-size -4.0.3 (Copyright (c)
2014-18 Lloyd Brookes <75pound@gmail.com>), bytes -3.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed
Watson <jed.watson@me.com>), cacheable-request -2.1.4 (Copyright (c)
2017 Luke Childs), camelcase -4.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), capture-stack-trace -1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), chalk -2.4.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ci-info -1.4.0 (Copyright
(c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), cjson -0.2.1 (Copyright (c)
2009-2017 Dave Gamble and cJSON contributors), clean-stack -1.3.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), cli-boxes -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), cli-columns -3.1.2
(Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com>
(shannonmoeller.com)), cli-table3 -0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 James
Talmage <james.talmage@jrtechnical.com>), client9 (Copyright Nick
Galbreath), clone -1.0.4 (Copyright  Â© 2011-2015 Paul Vorbach
<paul@vorba.ch>), clone-response -1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Luke
Childs), co -4.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), code-point-at -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), color-convert
-1.9.1 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>),
color-name -1.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Dmitry Ivanov), colors -0.5.1
(Copyright (c) 2010 Alexis Sellier (cloudhead) Marak Squires), colors
-1.1.2 (- Copyright (c) Marak Squires - Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), columnify -1.5.4
(Copyright (c) 2013 Tim Oxley), combined-stream -1.0.6 (Copyright (c)
2011 Debuggable Limited <felix@debuggable.com>), commander -2.8.1
(Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), comment_parser
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jean-Ralph Aviles), compat (Copyright  Â© 2005-2014
Rich Felker, et al.), concat-map -0.0.1 (No copyright statement found),
concat-stream -1.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Max Ogden), config-chain
-1.1.11 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), content-disposition -0.5.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson), content-type -1.0.4
(Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), cookie-signature -1.0.6
(Copyright (c) 2012 LearnBoost &lt;tj@learnboost.com&gt;), core-util-is
-1.0.2 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.), cpp-4.9
(Copyright  Â© 1997-2018 Software in the Public Interest, Inc. and
others), create-error-class -3.0.2 (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)), cross-spawn -5.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited), crt (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J.
Kain), crypto-random-string -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), cyclist -0.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Mathias Buus), dashdash -1.14.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Trent Mick.
All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2013 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), debhelper.py depends.py files.py namespace.py option.py
pydist.py tools.py version.py dh_python2 pyclean pycompile setup.py
generate_fallback_list.py (Copyright  Â© 2010 Piotr Ozarowski
<piotr@debian.org>), debug -2.6.9 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), debug -3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), debug 2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), debuglog -1.0.1 (Copyright Joyent Inc. and other
Node contributors. All rights reserved.), decamelize -1.2.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
decode-uri-component -0.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)),
decompress-response -3.3.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), deep-extend -0.5.1
(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Viacheslav Lotsmanov), defaults -1.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2015 Elijah Insua), delayed-stream -1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2011 Debuggable Limited <felix@debuggable.com>), delegates -1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), depd -1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), depd -1.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), destroy -1.0.4
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), detect-indent
-5.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), detect-newline -2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), dirent.h - dirent API for
Microsoft Visual Studio (Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko),
dirent_msvc.h (Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko), Diskv (Copyright
(c) 2011-2012 Peter Bourgon), divsufsort.c divsufsort.h (Copyright (c)
2003-2008 Yuta Mori All Rights Reserved.), dot-prop -4.2.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
duplexify -3.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), easyjson (Copyright
(c) 2016 Mail.Ru Group), ebnf-parser -0.1.10 (No Copyright Statement),
ecc-jsbn -0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremie Miller), editor -1.0.0
(Copyright 2013 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), ee-first -1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), emickle ((c)
2012-2015, http://ernestmicklei.com), encodeurl -1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), encoding -0.1.12 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Andris Reinman), end-of-stream -1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), erlang.mk (Copyright (c) 2013 Maxim Sokhatsky, Synrc
Research Center), err-code -1.1.2 (No copyright statement found), errno
-0.1.7 (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Rod Vagg (@rvagg)), es6-promise -4.2.4
(Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda Katz Tom Dale Stefan Penner and
contributors), es6-promisify (No copyright Statement), escape-html
-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2015 Andreas
LubbeCopyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu), escape-string-regexp
-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), escaper (Copyright (c) 2016 Lucas Morales), etag
-1.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), execa
-0.7.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), Expat (Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open
Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper), express -4.16.3 (Copyright
(c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Roman Shtylman <shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), extend -3.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), extras (Copyright (c) 2010-2012
extras developers.), extras 0.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2012 the extras
authors.), Extsprintf (Copyright (c) 2012  Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.), fast-deep-equal -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin), fast-json-stable-stringify -2.0.0 (No copyright statement
found), finalhandler -1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), find-up -2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), fluent-openapi
-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2018 Silas Boyd-Wickizer), flush-write-stream
-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), Font Awesome 4.2.0 - Code (By
Dave Gandy), font-persian.conf (Copyright (C) 2005 Sharif FarsiWeb,
Inc.), form-data -2.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 Felix GeisendÃ‹â€ rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors), forwarded -0.1.2 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), fresh -0.5.2 (Copyright (c)
2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), from2 -1.3.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy), from2 -2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy),
get-stream -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), getpass -0.1.7 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), global (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), global
__setjmp (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), global-dirs -0.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), go (Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator), go-cache
(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Patrick Mylund Nielsen and the go-cache
contributors), go-md2man (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff), go-restful
(Copyright (c) 2017 Ernest Micklei), go-runewidth (Copyright  Â© 2013-2017
Yasuhiro Matsumoto, http://mattn.kaoriya.net <mattn.jp@gmail.com>),
go-shellquote (Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin Ballard), go-shellwords (Author:
Yasuhiro Matsumoto), got -6.7.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), got -8.3.2 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
graceful-readlink -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye Li), has-flag -3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), has-symbol-support-x -1.4.2 (Copyright (c)
2015-present Graham Fairweather.), has-to-string-tag-x -1.4.1 (Copyright
(c) 2015-2017 Graham Fairweather.), heredoc ((c) 2014-2017 TSUYUSATO
Kitsune), http-errors -1.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), http-errors -1.6.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), http-proxy-agent -2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), http-signature -1.2.0
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), httpcache (Copyright  Â©
2012 Greg Jones), https-proxy-agent -2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan
Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), humanize-ms -1.2.1 (No
copyright statement found), iconv-lite -0.4.19 (Copyright (c) 2011
Alexander Shtuchkin), iconv-lite -0.4.23 (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander
Shtuchkin), iferr -0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi), iferr -1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi), import-lazy -2.1.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), imurmurhash
-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2013 Gary Court Jens Taylor), indent-string -3.2.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), indes.js (Copyright 2016, Joyent, Inc. All rights
reserved), install.sh (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), interpret
-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen), into-stream -3.1.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
invert-kv -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ip -1.1.5 (Copyright Fedor Indutny 2012.), ip-regex
-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ipaddr.js -1.8.0 (No copyright statement found),
is-builtin-module -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-ci -1.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), is-fullwidth-code-point -1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-fullwidth-code-point -2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
is-installed-globally -0.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-npm -1.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-obj
-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-object -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Colingo.),
is-path-inside -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-plain-obj -1.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-redirect -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-retry-allowed -1.1.0
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), is-stream -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-typedarray (No
copyright found), is-typedarray -1.0.0 (No copyright statement found),
isarray -0.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), isarray -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Julian Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), isstream -0.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rod Vagg), isurl -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Steven
Vachon), java-cacerts (No Copyrights Found), Jcodings (Not Found), jison
-0.4.13 (> Copyright (c) 2012 Zachary Carter), joni (Copyright 2013
enebo), Jopt-simple (None found), jQuery (Copyright 2011, John Resig),
jQuery hashchange event - v1.3 (Copyright (c) 2010 ""Cowboy"" Ben
Alman), jQuery JavaScript Library v1.6.1 (Copyright 2011, John Resig),
jQuery UI - v1.10.3 (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), js-yaml -3.12.0 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly
Puzrin), jsbn -0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu), json-buffer
-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr), json-parse-better-errors
-1.0.2 (Copyright 2017 Kat March Â·n), json-schema-traverse -0.3.1
(Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), json.js (Copyright 2012-2014,
Kit Cambridge), jsonparse -1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Caswell),
jsonpath -0.2.12 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 David Chester
<david@fmail.co.uk>), JSONStream -1.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
Tarr), jsprim -1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), jwt-decode -2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc.
<support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), keyv -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017
Luke Childs), krb5-conf (No copyright found), kubernetes-client -6.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2016 GoDaddy Operating Company LLC.), latest-version
-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), lazy-property -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko), lcid -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), lex-parser -0.1.4 (No
Copyright Statement), libcipm -2.0.2 (Copyright 2017 Kat March Â·n and
Contributors), libffi (Copyright (c) 2012 Anthony Green Copyright (c)
1998, 2001, 2007, 2008 Red Hat, Inc.), libpsl (Copyright: Copyright (C)
2014 Tim Ruehsen), locate-path -2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), lodash -4.17.10 (Copyright
JS Foundation and other contributors <https://js.foundation/>),
lodash._baseindexof -3.1.0 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._baseuniq -4.6.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash._bindcallback -3.0.1 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._cacheindexof -3.0.2 (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._createcache -3.1.2 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._createset -4.0.3 (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash._getnative -3.9.1 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._root -3.0.1 (Copyright 2012-2016
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.assign -4.2.0
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.clone -4.5.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.clonedeep -4.5.0
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.fill -3.4.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.flatten -4.4.0
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.intersection -4.4.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.merge
-4.6.1 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>), lodash.omit -4.5.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.partialright -4.2.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash.pick -4.4.0 (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>),
lodash.restparam -3.6.1 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.union -4.6.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lodash.uniq
-4.5.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), lodash.without -4.4.0 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>), lowercase-keys
-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), lowercase-keys -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), Lua (Copyright (C)
1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio), lua-apk.c ((C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio),
LuaL_typerror (Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio),
make-8192-bit-key.py (Copyright: (c) 2013 Isis Agora Lovecruft),
make-dir -1.3.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), Markup.js v1.5.17 ((c)
2011 - 2013 Adam Mark), meant -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Daijir??
Wachi), media-typer -0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), mem -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), merge-descriptors -1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), methods -1.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mime
-1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer), mime-db
-1.35.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), mime-types
-2.1.19 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
mime-types-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),
mimic-fn -1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), mimic-response -1.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), minimist -0.0.8 (No copyright statement found),
minimist -1.2.0 (No copyright statement found), minizlib -1.1.0
(Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), mitchellh (Copyright (c) 2014
Mitchell Hashimoto), mkdirp -0.5.1 (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)), mocha.js (Copyright(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), moment.js v2.5.1 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and
other contributors), ms -2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.), ms -2.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.), musl (Copyright Â© 2005-2014 Rich
Felker, et al.), musl-utils (Copyright Â© 2005-2014 Rich Felker, et al.),
nan -2.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN contributors), narwhal.js (Copyright
(c) 2009 Thomas Robinson <280north.com>), ncurses-terminfo (No copyright
found. Author: Natanael Copa <ncopa@alpinelinux.org>),
ncurses-terminfo-base (Copyright (c) 1998-2014,2015 Free Software
Foundation, Inc.), negotiator -0.6.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico
RomeroCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), Node (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
All rights reserved.), node-fetch-npm -2.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 David
Frank), node-gyp -3.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>),
nomnom -1.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2010 Heather Arthur),
normalize-stylesheet-groovy-docgenerator.txt (Copyright (c) Nicolas
Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), normalize-url -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), normalize.css
(Copyright  Â© Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), npm-run-path -2.0.2
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), number-is-nan -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), object-assign -4.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), oidc-token-hash -3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Filip
Skokan), on-finished -2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), opener -1.5.0 (Copyright  Â© 2012ÃƒÂ±2018 Domenic
Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>), openid-client -2.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Filip
Skokan), os-homedir -1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), os-locale -2.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), os-tmpdir -1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-any -1.1.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
p-cancelable -0.4.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-finally -1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), p-is-promise -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-limit -1.2.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-locate
-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), p-some -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-timeout -2.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), p-try -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), package-json -4.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), pacote -8.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat March Â·n),
parallel-transform -1.1.0 (Copyright 2013 Mathias Buus), parseurl -1.3.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
path-exists -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), path-is-absolute -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), path-key -2.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), path-parse -1.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2015 Javier
Blanco), path-to-regexp -0.1.7 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), performance-now -2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Braveg1rl), Perks (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), pgdg-keyring
(Copyright (C) 2012-2017 Christoph Berg), pify -3.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), polib.py
posplit (copyright (c) 2006-2010 David JEAN LOUIS), posplit (No
copyright found), pq (Copyright (c) 2011-2013, 'pq' Contributors,
portions Copyright (C) 2011 Blake Mizeran), prepend-http -1.0.4
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), prepend-http -2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), process-nextick-args
-2.0.0 (# Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf), promise-retry -1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited), protoduck -5.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017
Kat March Â·n), Prototype.js](http://prototypejs.org) (Copyright (c)
2005-2007 Sam Stephenson), proxy-addr -2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016
Douglas Christopher Wilson), prr -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Rod Vagg),
psl -1.1.29 (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo Montero <lupomontero@gmail.com>),
pty (Copyright (c) 2011 Keith Rarick), pump -2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), pump -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), pumpify
-1.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), punycode -1.4.1 (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), punycode.c 0.4.0 (Copyright
(C) 2002-2011, International Business Machines), python/iso8601
(Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Twomey), QRCode for JavaScript (Copyright
(c) 2009 Kazuhiko Arase), query-string -5.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), query-string -6.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), quinitjs (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), range-parser -1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com), raw-body -2.3.2 (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), raw-body -2.3.3
(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), rc
-1.2.7 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), readable-stream -1.1.14
(Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), readable-stream -2.3.6 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All
rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.), rechoir -0.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Tyler Kellen),
registry-auth-token -3.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Espen Hovlandsdal),
registry-url -3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), require-directory -2.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode <troygoode@gmail.com>), RequireJS
(Copyright (c) 2010-2011, The Dojo Foundation All Rights Reserved),
RequireJS 0.26.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2011, The Dojo Foundation All
Rights Reserved.), resolve -1.8.1 (No copyright statement found),
resolve-from -4.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), responselike -1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2017 Luke Childs), restful (Copyright 2014 Ernest
Micklei. All rights reserved), retry -0.10.1 (Copyright (c) 2011: Tim
KoschÃ¢tzki (tim@debuggable.com) Felix Geisendaâ€šrfer
(felix@debuggable.com)), retry -0.12.0 (Copyright (c) 2011: Tim
KoschÃ¢tzki (tim@debuggable.com) Felix GeisendÃ¢â€šrfer
(felix@debuggable.com)), safe-buffer -5.1.1 (Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh), safe-buffer -5.1.2 (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh),
safer-buffer -2.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>), satori (Copyright (C) 2013-2015 by Maxim Bublis),
saucelabs_runner.js (Copyright (c) 2012 Parashuram), scons 2.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2001 - 2016 The SCons Foundation), selectors2.py
(Copyright (c) 2017 Seth Michael Larson), semver-diff -2.1.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), send
-0.16.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016
Douglas Christopher Wilson), serve-static -1.13.2 (Copyright (c) 2010
Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), sgotti
(Copyright (C) 2014 Thomas Rooney), shebang-command -1.2.0 (Copyright
(c) Kevin Martensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),
shebang-regex -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), Sizzle.js (Copyright 2011,
The Dojo Foundation), slash -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), smart-buffer -1.1.15
(Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Glazebrook), smart-buffer -4.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2013-2017 Josh Glazebrook), socks -1.1.10 (Copyright (c) 2013 Josh
Glazebrook), socks -2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Glazebrook),
socks-proxy-agent -3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), socks-proxy-agent -4.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), sort-keys -2.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), sorted-object -2.0.1 (Copyright  Â© 2014ÃƒÂ±2016 Domenic
Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>), sorted-union-stream -2.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), sshpk -1.14.2 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), static-eval -0.2.3 (No Copyright Statement found), statuses
-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright
(c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), stdint.h
(Copyright (C) 2011 by Valentin Ochs), stream-each -1.2.2 (Copyright (c)
2015 Mathias Buus), stream-iterate -1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus), stream-shift -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Mathias Buus),
strict-uri-encode -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Kevin MÃƒâ€šrtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), strict-uri-encode
-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>
(github.com/kevva)), string-width -1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), string-width -2.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), string_decoder -0.10.31 (Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors.), string_decoder -1.1.1 (Copyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), strip-ansi -3.0.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), strip-ansi
-4.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), strip-eof -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), strip-json-comments -2.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), su-exec (Copyright (c) 2015 ncopa), supports-color
-5.4.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), synchronous-inspection.md (Copyright 2009Â±2014
Kristopher Michael Kowal), taboverride v4.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Bill
Bryant), tarfile.py (Copyright (C) 2002 Lars Gustbel
<lars@gustaebel.de> All rights reserved.), tcpkeepalive (Copyright (c)
2017 Simone Gotti), term-size -1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), test_distutilscmd.py
(Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Testtools authors), test_monkey.py (Copyright
(c) 2010 Twisted Matrix Laboratories.), testtools (Copyright (c) 2008,
2012 testtools developers), text-table -0.2.0 (No copyright statement
found), through -2.3.8 (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), through2 -2.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2016 Rod Vagg (the
"Original Author") and additional contributors), timed-out -4.0.1
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>),
timers-ctx.js (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors),
tiny-relative-date -1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Joseph Wynn), tipsy,
facebook style tooltips for jquery v 1.0.0a ((c) 2008-2010 jason frame
[jason@onehackoranother.com]), type-is -1.6.16 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), typedarray -0.0.6
(Copyright (c) 2010 Linden Research Inc. Copyright (c) 2012 Joshua
Bell), typedarray-to-buffer (Copyright (C) [Feross
Aboukhadijeh](http://feross.org)), typedarray-to-buffer -3.1.5
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), ugori (Copyright (c) 2012-2015
Ugorji Nwoke. All rights reserved.), umask -1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015
Sam Mikes), underscore -1.1.7 (Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremy Ashkenas
DocumentCloud), underscore -1.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy
Ashkenas DocumentCloud and Investigative), underscore -1.9.1 (Copyright
(c) 2009-2018 Jeremy Ashkenas DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters
& Editors), Underscore.js (copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), Underscore.js
1.5.2 (http://underscorejs.org) ((c) 2009-2013 Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), Underscore.js,
(copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters &
Editors <http://underscorejs.org/>), unicode (Not Found), unique-string
-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), unpipe -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), unzip-response -2.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), url-parse-lax -1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), url-parse-lax -3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), url-to-options -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Steven
Vachon), Utf8Validator.java
(https://github.com/crossbario/autobahn-android/blob/master/Autobahn/src
/de/tavendo/autobahn/Utf8Validator.java), util-deprecate -1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>),
util-extend -1.0.3 (Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.
All rights reserved.), utils-merge -1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Jared
Hanson), uuid -3.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other
contributors), vary -1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), verror -1.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), wcwidth -1.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2012 by Jun Woong.),
WebSocketClient.java
(https://github.com/TooTallNate/Java-WebSocket/blob/master/src/main/java
/org/java_websocket/client/WebSocketClient.java),
WebSocketClientHandler.java
(https://github.com/enriclluelles/rxjava_netty_websocket_client/blob/mas
ter/src/main/java/socket/WebSocketClientHandler.java), websocketx
(Copyright 2011 The Netty Project), widest-line -2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), worker-farm
-1.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 LevelUP contributors), wrap-ansi -2.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), wtstats-template 0.9.0 (By Thomas Rueckstiess
<thomas@rueckstiess.net>), xdg-basedir -3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), xtend -4.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Raynos.), yaeti -0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2015
IÃƒâ€™aki Baz Castillo <ibc@aliax.net>), yaml (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam
Ghods), yargs -11.0.0 (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), zap (Copyright (c) 2016 Uber Technologies, Inc.), 
OBJECT-VISIT-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
STRING_DECODER-1.1.1 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), ISOLATEDCLASSLOADER [plexus-compiler-javac] (Copyright (c)
2005, The Codehaus), SOFTLAYER-API-CLIENT-0.2.3 (No Coypright
Statement), MINIMIST-OPTIONS (Copyright (c) Vadim Demedes <), RET-0.1.15
(Copyright (C) 2011 by Roly Fentanes), PROXYQUIRE (Copyright 2013
Thorsten Lorenz.), @SEMANTIC-RELEASE/ERROR (Copyright (c) 2017
Contributors), @MRMLNC/READDIR-ENHANCED-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 James
Messinger), IMPORT-LAZY-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PIP-19.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2008-2019 The pip developers), IS-RELATIVE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), GET-STDIN-3.0.2 (No Copyright statement#),
URL-PARSE-LAX-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CROSS-SPAWN-5.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited), JUST-EXTEND-1.1.27 (No Copyright
Statement), Q-1.5.1 (Copyright 2009-2017 Kristopher Michael Kowal. All
rights reserved.), ESCAPE-HTML LIBRARY (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ
Holowaychuk Copyright (c) 2015 Andreas Lubbe Copyright (c) 2015
Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu), NPM-RUN-PATH-2.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IGNOREJREREQUIREMENT.JAVA
(Copyright (c) 2008 Kohsuke Kawaguchi and codehaus.org.), UTIL
(Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), FLAT-CACHE-1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Roy Riojas), PARSE-PATH
(Copyright (c) 2015-18 IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u), UNION-VALUE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert), LIFTOFF-2.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler
Kellen), STRIP-JSON-COMMENTS-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DEFINE-PROPERTY-2.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), HAS-VALUES-0.1.4 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), READABLE-STREAM-2.3.6 (Copyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), APPEND-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2017
Brian Woodward.), REQ-CWD-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ANSI-STYLES-3.2.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MAP-VISIT-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon
Schlinkert), RESOLVE-1.1.7 (No Copyright Statement), ANSI-STYLES-3.2.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ISSUE-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2017 Pierre
Vanduynslager), DUPLEXIFY (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), THREE.JS
[tensorboard] (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 three.js authors),
READABLE-STREAM-3.1.1 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), CONVENTIONAL-COMMITS-PARSER (Copyright  Â©
[conventional-changelog team]), EXPAND-BRACKETS-2.1.4 (Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert), FUTURE-0.17.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin
Ronacher.Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Python Charmers Pty Ltd Australia),
REDIS-COMMANDS (Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), AGGREGATE-ERROR-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), BCPROV-JDK15ON (No Copyright Statement),
RIMRAF-2.2.8 (Copyright 2009 2010 2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter.),
DETECT-FILE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Brian Woodward.),
IS-NUMBER-4.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
ESCAPE-STRING-REGEXP-1.0.2 (No Copyright statement#), AWS4-1.8.0
(Copyright 2013 Michael Hart (michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), ARRAY-SORT
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), REGENERATORRUNTIME (Copyright
(c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc.), GIT-URL-PARSE (Copyright (c) 2015-18
IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u <bizauionica@gmail.com> (https://ionicabizau.net)),
NAN-2.12.1 (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN contributors), GRAPHLIB [tensorboard]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris Pettitt), SPACE-BEFORE-FUNCTION-PAREN.JS
(copyright 2015 Mathias Schreck), CLONE-BUFFER-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016
Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io> and other contributors), DEEPMERGE (Copyright (c) 2012
Nicholas Fisher), LODASH._CACHEINDEXOF-3.0.2 (Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), PYJWT (Copyright (c) 2015
JosÃƒÆ’ Â© Padilla), TO-OBJECT-PATH-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), DEFAULT-RESOLUTION (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), SLASH-1.0.0 (No Copyright
Statement), NO-IMPLICIT-GLOBALS.JS (copyright 2015 Joshua Peek. All
rights reserved.), FIND-UP-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), STREAM-SHIFT-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2016 Mathias Buus), CHAI-4.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2017
Chai.js Assertion Library), CRYPTO-RANDOM-STRING-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
SUPPORTS-COLOR-5.5.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LOCKFILE-0.12.2 (Copyright
(c) 2007 Skip Montanaro.), STACK-TRACE-0.0.10 (Copyright (c) 2011 Felix
GeisendÃƒÂ¶rfer (felix@debuggable.com)), STRIP-INDENT (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PROTOCOLS
(Copyright (c) 2015-17 IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u <bizauionica@gmail.com>
(https://ionicabizau.net)), SPACE-BEFORE-KEYWORDS.JS (copyright 2015
Marko Raatikka. All rights reserved.), MESA 3-D GRAPHICS LIBRARY
[OpenJDK] (Copyright (C) 1999-2002 Brian Paul), INQUIRER (Copyright (c)
2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter: @vaxilart)), URIX-0.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2013 Simon Lydell), DEEP-IS-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz <thlorenz@gmx.de>Copyright (c) 2012 James Halliday
<mail@substack.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Robinson <280north.com>),
LODASH.CLONEDEEP-3.0.2 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), IGNORE-3.3.7 (No Copyright Statement),
IGNORE-3.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Kael Zhang <i@kael.me> contributors),
HAS-FLAG-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), PLEXUS-COMPILER-MANAGER (Copyright (c) 2005, The
Codehaus), EXIT-HOOK-1.1.1 (No Copyright statement#), UPATH-1.1.0
(Copyright(c) 2014-2017 Angelos Pikoulas (agelos.pikoulas@gmail.com)),
IS-MY-IP-VALID-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), GULP-ESLINT (Copyright
2016 ADAMETRY), REGISTRY-AUTH-TOKEN-3.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Espen
Hovlandsdal), ES6-PROMISE-4.2.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda Katz Tom Dale
Stefan Penner and contributors), PINKIE-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) Vsevolod
Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)), JOPT-SIMPLE
(No Copyright Statement), LAZYSTREAM-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 J.
Pommerening contributors.), P-LOCATE-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HOOK-STD (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
ESLINT-3.19.0 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundation), BCPROV-JDK15ON-1.59 (Copyright (c) 2000-2016 The
Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.), MAP-OBJ (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), USER-HOME-2.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REACT
V16.5.2-(REACT-NATIONAL-FLATPICKR-1.0.5) (Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc.
and its affiliates), STRIP-BOM-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TYPESETTABLE [tensorboard]
(Copyright 2017-present Palantir Technologies, Inc. All rights
reserved.), PROP-TYPES (Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc),
PATH-TO-REGEXP-1.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), MERGE2-1.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Teambition), HAS-FLAG-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), RANDOMATIC-3.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), SLF4J-API-1.7.24 (No
Coypright Statement), DEEP-EQL-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com>), IS-ACCESSOR-DESCRIPTOR-0.1.6 (Copyright (c)
2015 Jon Schlinkert.), CENTER-ALIGN-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), APPDIRS-1.4.3 (Copyright (c) 2010 ActiveState Software
Inc.), HAPI-SCOPE-START (Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation Labs),
CREATE-ERROR-CLASS-3.0.2 (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)), IS-NUMBER-3.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert), RESTORE-CURSOR-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), IS-PLAIN-OBJ-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LODASH 3.10.1
[tensorboard] (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), WINDOWS-RELEASE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), JS-YAML-3.12.0 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015
by Vitaly Puzrin), SCONS.TOOL.PYEXT [Cython] (No copyright found),
JS-YAML-3.12.1 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin),
LATEST-VERSION-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SNAPDRAGON-UTIL-3.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2017 Jon Schlinkert), IS-GLOB-3.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), SLF4J-API-1.7.12 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011
QOS.ch All rights reserved), LIBPUNGIF [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 1997
Eric S. Raymond), PARSE-JSON (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SUPPORTS-COLOR-4.5.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), EACH-PROPS (Copyright (c) 2016 Takayuki Sato),
SORT-KEYS-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), DOT-PROP (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BOTTLENECK (Copyright (c)
2014 Simon Grondin), OBJECT.DEFAULTS-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017
Jon Schlinkert), NAN (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN contributors),
MARKED-0.3.19 (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Christopher Jeffrey
(https://github.com/chjj/)Copyright Â© 2004 John Gruber), PROPTYPES
(REACT-SIMPLE-DROPDOWN) (Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.),
EXECA-0.7.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), FAST-LEVENSHTEIN-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2013 [Ramesh
Nair](http://www.hiddentao.com/)), IS-PATH-INSIDE-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
P-FINALLY-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), HOEHRMANN [jetty-all] (Copyright (c) 2008-2009
Bjoern Hoehrmann), IS-PATH-INSIDE-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement),
READ-PKG (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), URL-PARSE-LAX-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), STRIP-BOM-3.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
TYPE-DETECT-4.0.8 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)),
BUFFER-FROM-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 2018 Linus UnnebÃ¢ck),
GET-VALUE-2.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), MODERNIZR
3.0.0PRE (No Copyright Found), IS-OBJ-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REGEX-NOT-1.0.2 (Copyright
(c) 2016 2018 Jon Schlinkert.), REGEX-NOT-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon
Schlinkert), LLVM LIBC++ UPPER_BOUND / LOWER_BOUND [escope] (No
Copyright Found), GULP-LOAD-PLUGINS (Copyright (c) 2016 Jack Franklin),
IS-DATA-DESCRIPTOR-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
SET-GETTER-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Brian Woodward.), ASYNC-2.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Caolan McMahon), KERBEROS [OpenJDK] (Copyright
(C) 1998 by the FundsXpress, INC.), FIGURES-1.7.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), COMMA-DANGLE.JS
(copyright 2013 Ian Christian Myers), JSON-PARSE-BETTER-ERRORS-1.0.2
(Copyright 2017 Kat MarchÃƒÂ¡n), CHECKER-QUAL (No Copyright Found),
THROUGH2-2.0.5 (Copyright (c) Rod Vagg (the "Original Author") and
additional contributors**), NORMALIZE-URL-1.9.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
CONVENTIONAL-CHANGELOG-WRITER (Copyright  Â© [conventional-changelog
team]), LODASH._ARRAYCOPY-3.0.0 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), PIFY-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LODASH._BASEFLATTEN
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), COMMANDER-2.17.1 (Copyright
(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), SLF4J-LOG4J12-1.7.25
(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved.),
NO-USELESS-CONCAT.JS (copyright 2015 Henry Zhu. All rights reserved.),
NUMERIC JAVASCRIPT [tensorboard] (Copyright (C) 2011 by Sebastien
Loisel Copyright (c) 2011 Alberto Santini), JSONFILE-4.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2012-2015 JP Richardson <jprichardson@gmail.com>), MUTE-STDOUT
(Copyright (c) 2015 2018 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and
Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), CLASS-UTILS-0.3.6 (Copyright (c) 2015
2017-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), TEXT-TABLE-0.2.0 (No Copyright Statement),
IS-NPM-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 [tensorboard]
(Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), PUNYCODE-2.1.1 (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), RESOLVE-DIR (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert), NEXT-TICK-1.0.0 (Copyright (C) 2012-2016 Mariusz Nowak),
REGEX-CACHE-0.4.4 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), COPY-PROPS
(Copyright (c) 2016 Takayuki Sato), RESOLVE, WORDWRAP [istanbul] (No
copyright statement), MAKE-ITERATOR-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Jon
Schlinkert.), USE-2.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert),
TO-DOUBLE-QUOTES ([Sindre Sorhus]), TYPE-DETECT (Copyright(c) 2013 jake
luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>), MATCHDEP (Copyright (c) 2013 Tyler
Kellen), ES6-SET-0.1.5 (Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), NERF-DART (No Copyright Found), OPTIMIST-0.6.1
(Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
DEFINE-PROPERTY-0.2.5 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
GULP-MOCHA-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ERROR-EX-1.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 JD Ballard),
LODASH-4.17.11 (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), ERROR-EX-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 JD Ballard),
LEVN-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) George Zahariev), GIT-LOG-PARSER (Copyright
(c) 2014 Ben Drucker), LODASH._ARRAYEACH-3.0.0 (Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), REACT V16.5.2 (Copyright
(c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), BINARY-EXTENSIONS (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
FAST-LEVENSHTEIN-2.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 [Ramesh
Nair](http://www.hiddentao.com/)), FAST-LEVENSHTEIN-2.0.6 (Copyright (c)
2013 [Ramesh Nair](http://www.hiddentao.com/)), IS-DESCRIPTOR-0.1.6
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), UUID-3.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other contributors), DEEP-EQL (Copyright
(c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>), OS-LOCALE-2.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), TRYIT-1.0.3 (No Copyright Statement),
IRREGULAR-PLURALS-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), RESOLVE-1.10.0 (No
Copyright Statement), WIDEST-LINE-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EXIT-0.1.2 (Copyright (c)
2013 "Cowboy" Ben Alman), IS-SUBSET-0.1.1 (Copyright  Â© 2015 Studio B12
GmbH), DEEP-1.2.3 (No Copyright statement#), DEFINE-PROPERTY-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert), ESLINT-CONFIG-HAPI (Copyright
(c) 2015 Continuation Labs), JQUERY [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2007 John
Resig, http://jquery.com/), RESOLVE-1.3.3 (No Copyright Statement),
LODASH._CREATECACHE-3.1.2 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), FILE-ENTRY-CACHE-1.3.1 (Copyright (c)
2015 Roy Riojas), URLLIB3 (Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov and
contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS.txt)), ARR-DIFF-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), COMMANDER-2.19.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), PROTOTYPE
(REACT-HIGHLIGHT-WORDS-0.14.0) (Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook,
Inc.), COSMICONFIG (Copyright (c) 2015 David Clark),
DANIELSTJULES/BUDDY.JS. (copyright 2015 Vincent Lemeunier. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel St. Jules), RULE-TESTER.JS
(copyright 2014 Ilya Volodin. All rights reserved.),
LODASH.TOARRAY-4.4.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), CONVENTIONAL-COMMITS-FILTER (Copyright (c) 2015
Steve Mao <maochenyan@gmail.com>), SAFE-JSON-STRINGIFY-1.2.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 [Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)), KIND-OF-3.0.4
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), PARSE-URL (Copyright (c)
2015-17 IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u), LIBLBFGS [python-crfsuite] (Copyright (c) 1990,
Jorge Nocedal Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Naoaki Okazaki All rights
reserved), ABSTRACTCOMPILER.JAVA [plexus-compiler-api] (Copyright (c)
2005, The Codehaus), REACT-HIGHLIGHT-WORDS (Copyright (c) 2015 Treasure
Data), IS-BINARY-PATH-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ACORN-5.7.3 (Copyright (C)
2012-2018 by various contributors (see AUTHORS)), ACORN (Copyright (C)
2012-2016 by various contributors (see AUTHORS)), MIME-2.3.1 (Copyright
(c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer), MIME-DB-1.37.0 (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), PARSE-NODE-VERSION (Copyright (c)
2018 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io>), IS-CI (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen),
IS-PATH-CWD-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), INQUIRER-0.12.0 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Simon Boudrias (twitter: @vaxilart)), CLONE-STATS-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy), STATSD-3.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2012
James Socol), FOR-IN-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert),
CAMELCASE-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MEMOIZE-ONE-4.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Alexander
Reardon), SLF4J [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2004-2008 QOS.ch All rights
reserved), WINDOW-SIZE-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jon Schlinkert),
STRICT-URI-ENCODE-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), STATIC-EXTEND-0.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2016 Jon Schlinkert.), MOMENT-2.24.0 (Copyright (c) JS
Foundation and other contributors), DEL-2.2.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
POSIX-CHARACTER-CLASSES-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Jon Schlinkert),
PYYAML (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), READLINE2-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
[@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))), NICE-TRY-1.0.5 (Copyright
(c) 2018 Tobias Reich), PACKAGE-JSON-4.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IMPORT-FROM-2.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MAKE-DIR-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IMURMURHASH-0.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2013 Gary Court Jens Taylor), READDIRP-2.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz), PATH-KEY-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REQUIRE-FROM-STRING
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), MARKED-TERMINAL-2.0.0 (No Copyright Statement),
VINYL-SOURCEMAP (Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz, Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io> and other contributors (Based on code from
gulp-sourcemaps - ISC License - Copyright (c) 2014 Florian Reiterer)),
CLONEABLE-READABLE (Copyright (c) 2016 Matteo Collina), @SINDRESORHUS/IS
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MOMAN [Lucene] (Copyright (c) 2010, Jean-Philippe
Barrette-LaPierre, <jpb@rrette.com>), COMPONENT-EMITTER-1.2.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Component contributors <dev@component.io>),
NODE-EVENT-GENERATOR.JS (copyright 2015 Toru Nagashima. All rights
reserved.), FONT CONFIG [OpenJDK] (Copyright  Â© 2001,2003 Keith Packard),
REDIS-2.10.6 (Copyright (c) 2012 Andy McCurdy), SLF4J-API-1.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved), REPLACER (No
Copyright Statement), OS-NAME (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
MODULE-NOT-FOUND-ERROR-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), IS-VALID-GLOB (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert), OPTIONATOR-0.8.2 (Copyright (c) George
Zahariev), SLF4J-JDK14 (No Copyright Statement), GENERATE-FUNCTION
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), STRING-WIDTH-2.1.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
DATEFORMAT-3.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), IS-ABSOLUTE-1.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk),
JMOCKIT (Copyright (c) 2006 JMockit developers), TEXT-EXTENSIONS
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CONCAT-STREAM-1.6.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Max Ogden),
MIXIN-DEEP-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
SOURCE-MAP-RESOLVE-0.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 Simon
Lydell), SOURCE-MAP-RESOLVE-0.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017
Simon Lydell), KEYV-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Luke Childs),
P-LIMIT-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MIXIN-DEEP-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), PATH-EXISTS-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FLUSH-WRITE-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), UTIL-0.10.3 (Copyright Joyent Inc.
and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.), NANOMATCH-1.2.13
(Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), DAGRE [tensorboard]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris Pettitt), LONGEST-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), COMMANDER-0.6.1 (No Copyright statement#),
SLF4J API MODULE [Curator-framework] (Copyright (c) 2004-2017 QOS.ch),
NARWHAL (No Copyright Statement), IS-FULLWIDTH-CODE-POINT-2.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ID-MATCH.JS (copyright 2015 Matthieu Larcher. All
rights reserved.), ASYNC-DONE (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), LOUD-REJECTION-1.6.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
SUPPORTS-COLOR-3.2.3 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MOCHA-3.5.3 (Copyright (c)
2016 Segment.io Inc. (friends@segment.com)Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JS
Foundation and contributors https://js.foundation), QUICK-LRU (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
TIMED-OUT-4.0.1 (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com>), AJV-ERRORS-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin), JNI/LIBFFI/SRC/M88K/OBSD.S [jffi] (Copyright (c) 2013
Miodrag Vallat. <miod@openbsd.org>), STRIP-ANSI-2.0.1 (No Copyright
Statement), JSON-POINTER-0.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Manuel Stofer),
NO-EXTRA-PARENS.JS (copyright 2014 Michael Ficarra. All rights
reserved.), KIND-OF-5.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
HTTP-PROXY-AGENT-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), POSTGRES-ARRAY (Copyright (c) Ben
Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), TYPE-DETECT-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>
(http://alogicalparadox.com)), UTF8VALIDATOR.JAVA [Netty] (Copyright (c)
2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann <bjoern@hoehrmann.de>), CALLER-PATH-0.1.0 (No
Copyright statement#), GLOBBY-5.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LOAD-JSON-FILE-1.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MAP-OBJ-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REDENT (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
CAMELCASE-KEYS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MOCHA-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JS Foundation
and contributors https://js.foundation), CHALK-2.4.2 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BRACES-2.3.2
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), FORM-DATA-2.3.3 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Felix Geisendâ€š rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),
DOT-PROP-4.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), HIGHLIGHT-WORDS-CORE (Copyright (c) 2015 Treasure
Data), FINDUP-SYNC (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 "Cowboy" Ben Alman),
IS-RESOLVABLE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015 Shinnosuke Watanabe),
FIND-UP-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SNAPDRAGON-0.8.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), SNAPDRAGON-0.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), LOWERCASE-KEYS-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement),
LOWERCASE-KEYS-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DEFAULT-COMPARE (Copyright
(c) 2017 Brian Woodward.), QUERY-STRING-5.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), COMPRESSIBLE-2.0.15
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014
Jeremiah Senkpiel <fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), FBJS (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), FINED-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 2017 2018
Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io>), MOCHA-2.5.3 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), REACT-NATIVE-HIGHLIGHT-WORDS (Copyright (c) 2016,
ClaudÃƒÂ©ric Demers), REPEAT-ELEMENT-1.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015-present Jon
Schlinkert.), RESOLVE-OPTIONS (Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other
contributors), ARRAY-SLICE-0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon
Schlinkert.Copyright (c) 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation.copyright (c)
2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas.), COLOR-CONVERT-1.9.1 (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>), COLOR-CONVERT-1.9.3
(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>),
LODASH.MERGE-3.3.2 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), COOKIEJAR-2.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2013
Bradley Meck), FORMIDABLE-1.2.1 (Copyright (C) 2011 Felix GeisendÃƒÂ¶rfer),
BCPKIX-JDK15ON-1.59 (Copyright (c) 2000-2016 The Legion of the Bouncy
Castle Inc.), SHEBANG-COMMAND-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), HAS-FLAG-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), KRONOS OPENGL [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 2007 The
Khronos Group Inc.), CI-INFO (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson
Steen), CALLSITES-0.2.0 (No Copyright statement#), GROWL (Copyright (c)
2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua Boy
Nicolai Appelman <joshua@jbna.nl>), SOLATEDCLASSLOADER.JAVA
JAVACCOMPILER.JAVA [plexus-compiler-javac] (Copyright (c) 2005, The
Codehaus), NO-WHITESPACE-BEFORE-PROPERTY.JS (copyright 2015 Kai Cataldo.
All rights reserved.), REDEYED-1.0.1 (Copyright 2012 Thorsten Lorenz.),
X-XSS-PROTECTION-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin),
JADE-0.26.3 (Copyright (c) 2009-2010 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), DEEP-DIFF (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Phillip
Clark), SPDX-EXPRESSION-PARSE (Copyright (c) 2015 Kyle E. Mitchell &
other authors listed in AUTHORS), INDENT-STRING (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IS-SSH (Copyright
(c) 2015-16 IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u <bizauionica@gmail.com>), FOR-OWN-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert), ASSERTION-ERROR
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@qualiancy.com>), AST-UTILS.JS
(copyright 2015 Gyandeep Singh. All rights reserved.), ANSICOLORS
(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), MIME-DB-1.35.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), DECAMELIZE-KEYS-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com) Dmirty Sobolev
<disobolev@icloud.com>), JUL-TO-SLF4J-1.7.13 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011
QOS.ch), COMMANDER (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), PROXYQUIRE-1.7.11 (Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.), REQUIRE-UNCACHED-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LODASH._ARRAYMAP
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), IS-REDIRECT-1.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
GULP-CLI-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and
other contributors), JSLINT (Copyright 2011 Yahoo! Inc. Copyright (c)
2002 Douglas Crockford), RM.JS (Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan McGrath
Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib), CHAI-SORTED (Copyright (c) 2016
johntimothybailey), SUPPORTS-COLOR-1.2.0 (No Copyright Statement),
IS-DIRECTORY (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), PATH-PARSE-1.0.5
(No Copyright Statement), PATH-PARSE-1.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2015 Javier
Blanco), MOCHA-3.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Segment.io Inc.
(friends@segment.com)Copyright (c) 2011-2016 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), GIT-UP (Copyright (c) 2015-18 IonicÃ„Æ’ BizÃ„Æ’u
<bizauionica@gmail.com> (https://ionicabizau.net)),
STREAM-COMBINER2-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic Tarr'),
SOURCE-MAP-SUPPORT (Copyright (c) 2014 Evan Wallace), CLONE-2.1.2
(Copyright 2011-2015 Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>), DEEP-EXTEND-0.6.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Viacheslav Lotsmanov), RUN-ASYNC-0.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Boudrias), JOPT-SIMPLE V3.0 [OpenJDK]
(Copyright (c) 2004-2009 Paul R. Holser, Jr.), HAS-VALUE-0.3.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), NOW-AND-LATER (Copyright (c)
2014 Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and other contributors),
P-MAP-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), QUERY-STRING-4.3.4 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CAPTURE-STACK-TRACE-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), ANSI-REGEX-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SORT-IMPORTS.JS (copyright
2015 Christian Schuller. All rights reserved.), FS-MKDIRP-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors - Copyright 2010 James
Halliday)), COLLECTION-MAP (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
ENV-CI (Copyright (c) 2017 Pierre Vanduynslager), PSTREE.REMY-1.1.6 (No
Copyright Statement), LODASH._BASEDIFFERENCE (Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation), UNZIP-RESPONSE-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FUNCTION-BIND-1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2013 Raynos.), PARSE-FILEPATH-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), NODECA (Copyright 2015 Vitaly Puzrin. All
rights reserved. Copyright 2015 Gyandeep Singh. All rights reserved.
Copyright (C) 2014 by Vitaly Puzrin), ESTRAVERSE-FB (Copyright (c) 2014
Ingvar Stepanyan), ISURL-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Steven Vachon),
COMMANDER-2.11.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), FAST-GLOB-2.2.4 (Copyright (c) Denis
Malinochkin), EXTGLOB-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
JSON-STABLE-STRINGIFY-WITHOUT-JSONIFY-1.0.1 (No Copyright Statement),
STRIP-ANSI-4.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JNI/LIBFFI/SRC/X86/FREEBSD.S [jffi] (Copyright (c)
1996, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005 Red Hat, Inc., Copyright (c) 2008), 
STRIP-EOF-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), URL-JOIN-4.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2015 JosÃƒÂ© F. Romaniello), READ-PKG-UP (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SVER-COMPAT (Copyright (C)
2017 Guy Bedford), NANOMATCH-1.2.9 (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Jon
Schlinkert.), FAST-DEEP-EQUAL-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin), ARGPARSE-1.0.10 (Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly Puzrin),
JBZIP2 [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Matthew J. Francis and
Contributors of the jbzip2 Project), SAFER-BUFFER-2.1.2 (Copyright (c)
2018 Nikita Skovoroda <chalkerx@gmail.com>), FIAT [grpcio] (No Copyright
Statement), READABLE-STREAM-2.2.9 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All
rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.), UNIQUE-STREAM (Copyright 2014 Eugene Ware),
JAVA-PROPERTIES (Copyright (c) 2013 Matt Steele),
BCPROV-EXT-JDK15ON-1.59 (Copyright (c) 2000-2016 The Legion of the
Bouncy Castle Inc.), ACORN-3.3.0 (Copyright (C) 2012-2016 by various
contributors (see AUTHORS)), HAS-VALUES-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Jon Schlinkert), ANSI-RED-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) <%= year() %> Jon
Schlinkert.), PUMP-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
READDIRP-EXAMPLES-0.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), EXPAND-TILDE-2.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), FILL-RANGE-4.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), EXECA (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HAR-VALIDATOR-5.1.3
(Copyright (c) 2018 Ahmad Nassri <ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>),
FS-EXTRA-7.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JP Richardson),
STRING_DECODER-1.0.1 (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), REQUIRE-DIRECTORY-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>), IS-DOTFILE-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon
Schlinkert), WRITE-0.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
PRELUDE-LS-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) George Zahariev), FLATPICKR V1.0.7 (No
Copyright Found), FLATPICKR V1.0.6 (No Copyright Found),
REMOVE-TRAILING-SLASH-0.1.0 (No Copyright Statement), VINYL-FS
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), HE-1.1.1 (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), UGLIFY-TO-BROWSERIFY-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay), PYCURL-7.43.0 (Copyright (C)
2001-2008 by Kjetil Jacobsen <kjetilja at gmail.com> Copyright (C)
2001-2008 by Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer <markus at oberhumer.com> Copyright
(C) 2013-2016 by Oleg Pudeyev), COPY-DESCRIPTOR-0.1.1 (Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert), OBJECT.REDUCE (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017
Jon Schlinkert), DETECT-INDENT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), GOT-6.7.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
OBJECT-ASSIGN-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PLUGIN-ERROR-0.1.2
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), ES6-MAP-0.1.5 (Copyright (C) 2013
Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), GLOBAL-PREFIX-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), MINIMATCH-0.3.0 (Copyright 2009 2010 2011
Isaac Z. Schlueter.), BASE64ENCODER (Copyright (c) 2011 Vitaly Puzrin
Copyright (c) 2011 Aleksey V Zapparov), ARR-FLATTEN-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), P-FILTER (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FLAT-CACHE-1.3.4
(Copyright (c) 2015 Roy Riojas), GOT-8.3.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), OBJECT.PICK-1.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), FLAT-CACHE-1.3.0 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Roy Riojas), ARRAY-EACH-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon
Schlinkert), ANSI-ESCAPES-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REMOVE-BOM-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), PLURALIZE-1.2.1
(Copyright (c) 2013 Blake Embrey (hello@blakeembrey.com)),
RESOLVE-FROM-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SSHPK (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
TO-REGEX-RANGE-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert),
CIRCULAR-JSON-0.3.3 (Copyright (C) 2013-2017 by Andrea Giammarchi -
@WebReflection), IS-GLOB-4.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), ARRAY-IFY-1.0.0 (No Copyright statement#),
BUILD-HELPER-MAVEN-PLUGIN-1.9 (No Coypright Statement),
CIRCULAR-JSON-0.3.1 (Copyright (C) 2013 by WebReflection),
TERM-SIZE-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), LODASH._BASECREATE-3.0.3 (Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), KIND-OF-1.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert), MICROMATCH-3.1.10 (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), PROGRESS-1.1.8 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), HANDLEBARS-4.0.8 (Copyright (C)
2011-2016 by Yehuda Katz), PYPARSING (Copyright (c) 2003-2016 Paul T.
McGuire), BUFFER-EQUAL (No Copyright Found), REPLACE-EXT-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), CONFIG-VALIDATOR.JS
(copyright 2015 Brandon Mills), HANDLEBARS-4.0.5 (Copyright (C)
2011-2015 by Yehuda Katz), PIFY-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ARRAY-FIND-INDEX-1.0.2
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SOFTFLOAT [OpenJDK] (John R. Hauser), GROWL-1.9.2
(Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c)
2016 Joshua Boy Nicolai Appelman <joshua@jbna.nl>),
LODASH._PICKBYCALLBACK (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation),
FILL-RANGE-2.2.4 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), MKDIRP-0.3.0
(Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), UNDERTAKER-REGISTRY
(Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), VINYL-2.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), TO-THROUGH
(Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), PINKIE-PROMISE-2.0.1
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), COLLECTION-VISIT-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 2017
Jon Schlinkert), CACHEABLE-REQUEST (Copyright (c) 2017 Luke Childs),
RESOLVE-FROM (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ASN1-0.2.4 (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage All
rights reserved.), BACH (Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), CHAI-4.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2017
Chai.js Assertion Library), EXTEND-SHALLOW-2.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), RIGHT-ALIGN-0.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), FOREACH-2.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 Manuel Stofer), GULP-ENV
(Copyright (c) 2014 Moveline), PSL-1.1.31 (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo
Montero lupomontero@gmail.com), LODASH.CREATE-3.1.1 (Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), IGNORE (Copyright (c)
2013 Kael Zhang <i@kael.me> contributors), CROSS-SPAWN-6.0.5 (Copyright
(c) 2018 Made With MOXY Lda <hello@moxy.studio>), JUST-DEBOUNCE
(Copyright (c) 2014 Michael Hayes), RETRY-0.12.0 (Copyright (c) 2011:),
SIX (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Benjamin Peterson), PLOTTABLE.JS
[tensorboard] (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Palantir Technologies, Inc.),
BUILTIN-MODULES-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HAPI-CAPITALIZE-MODULES
(Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation Labs), NODE-EMOJI-1.8.1 (Copyright (c)
2014 Daniel Bugl), NODE-FETCH-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 David Frank),
CLI-TABLE-0.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 LearnBoost
&lt;dev@learnboost.com&gt;), P-RETRY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SCHEDULE (Copyright (c)
2013-present Facebook Inc.), ESLINT-PLUGIN-HAPI (Copyright (c) 2015
Continuation Labs), BLANKET (copyright (c) 2013 Alex Seville,),
FANCY-LOG-1.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2018 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), LODASH
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
DEFINE-PROPERTIES-1.1.3 (Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan Harband), WEBLAS
[tensorboard] (Copyright (c) 2015 Waylon Flinn), IS-TEXT-PATH (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus), @SEMANTIC-RELEASE/RELEASE-NOTES-GENERATOR (Copyright
(c) 2017 Pierre-Denis Vanduynslager), OPERATINGSYSTEMUTILS (Copyright
(c) 2004, The Codehaus.), NODEMON-1.18.9 (No Copyright Statement),
IS-DATA-DESCRIPTOR-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), REQUIREJS
2.1.9 (Copyright (c) 2010-2012, The Dojo Foundation All Rights
Reserved.), INTERPRET-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen),
MACOS-RELEASE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), NATURAL-COMPARE-1.4.0
(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Lauri Rooden &lt;lauri@rooden.ee&gt;), RUMAVL
[python-crfsuite] (Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Jesse Long
<jpl@unknown.za.net> All rights reserved.), REGISTRY-URL-3.1.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), IS-EXTGLOB-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon
Schlinkert), XDG-BASEDIR-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
@SEGMENT/LOOSELY-VALIDATE-EVENT (Copyright (c) 2017 Segment.io
friends@segment.com), CAMELCASE-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TABULATE-0.8.3 (Copyright
(c) 2011-2017 Sergey Astanin), PUMPIFY-1.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus), OBJECT.ASSIGN-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan Harband),
ASSERTION-ERROR-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@qualiancy.com>
(http://qualiancy.com)), P-TIMEOUT-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JFASTLZ [Netty] (Copyright
(c) 2009 William Kinney), DECOMPRESS-RESPONSE-3.3.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
EVENTEMITTER3-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Arnout Kazemier),
RESOLVE-FROM-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), LODASH.ASSIGN-4.2.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), LODASH.OMIT (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), ANSI-CYAN-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) <%=
year() %> Jon Schlinkert.), VISUALSTUDIO.JS (copyright 2015 Ronald
Pijnacker. All rights reserved.), RESOLVE-URL-0.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013
Simon Lydell), JSON3-3.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Kit Cambridge.),
IS-PATH-IN-CWD-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IS-ACCESSOR-DESCRIPTOR-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
IS-UNC-PATH-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
AGENT-BASE-4.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), IS-PATH-IN-CWD-1.0.0 (No Copyright
Statement), PATH-TYPE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MOMAN/FINENIGHT FSA
[Lucene-core] (Copyright (c) 2010, Jean-Philippe Barrette-LaPierre),
SORT-KEYS-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), TEMP-0.8.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Bruce
Williams), WORDWRAP-1.0.0 (No Copyright Statement), ARR-FILTER
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert), MOCHA-FIVEMAT-REPORTER
(No Copyright Found), THROUGH2-FILTER (Copyright (c) Bryce B. Baril
<bryce@ravenwall.com>), @SEMANTIC-RELEASE/GITHUB (Copyright (c) 2017
Contributors), ARRAY-LAST (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
DETECT-NEWLINE-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SPARKLES-1.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io>), IS-ODD-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
CONVERT-SOURCE-MAP-1.6.0 (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),
CHOKIDAR-2.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2016 Paul Miller (http://paulmillr.com) &
Elan Shanker), D-1.0.0 (Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), PATH-IS-INSIDE-1.0.2 (Copyright Â© 2013-2016
Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â© 2013-2016 Domenic Denicola
<d@domenic.me>), COLORS-1.3.3 (Copyright (c) Marak Squires - Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus), ALIGN-TEXT-0.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), INTERPRET-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Tyler Kellen
<tyler@sleekcode.net> Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), HAS-SYMBOLS-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016
Jordan Harband), TIME64.C [pymongo] (Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Michael G
Schwern), REMOVE-BOM-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
READ-PKG-UP-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), REPEAT-STRING-1.5.4 (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon
Schlinkert.), RESOLVE-FROM-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ASYNC-1.5.2 (Copyright (c)
2010-2014 Caolan McMahon), CAMELCASE-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MEOW (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus), STREAM-EXHAUST (No Copyright Found), VALUE-OR-FUNCTION
(Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and other
contributors), SKLEARN_CRFSUITE ((C) Mikhail Korobov), XFREE86-VIDMODE
[OpenJDK] (Copyright (C) 1994-2004 The XFree86 Project, Inc.),
FILENAME-REGEX-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
ES5-EXT-0.10.21 (Copyright (C) 2011-2017 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), GLOBAL-MODULES-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), FROM2-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy),
FILL-KEYS-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), PG-POOL-2.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2017 Brian M. Carlson),
IS-BUFFER-1.1.5 (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), PLUR-2.1.2
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @SEMANTIC-RELEASE/NPM (Copyright (c) 2017
Contributors), FILE-ENTRY-CACHE-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Roy Riojas),
UNIQUE-STRING-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), WHEEL (No Copyright
Statement), REACT V16.4.2 (REACT-SIMPLE-DROPDOWN) (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), LEVN-0.2.5 (Copyright (c) George
Zahariev), SOURCE-MAP-URL-0.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Lydell),
ROUTE-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2014 Ryan Sorensen), SHEBANG-REGEX-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), PG (Copyright (c) 2010 - 2017 Brian Carlson),
BUNDLE.JS [escope] (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node
contributors.), IS-DESCRIPTOR-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), IS-WINDOWS-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Jon
Schlinkert.), PYTHON-CRFSUITE (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 ScrapingHub Inc.
and contributors.), ASYNC-SETTLE (Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), GLOBALS (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), NORMALIZE-URL
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ARTIFACTORY-0.1.17 (No Copyright Statement),
P-IS-PROMISE-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SLF4J-API-1.5.6 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All
rights reserved.), P-REDUCE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PLEXUS-INTERACTIVITY-API
(Copyright (c) 2005, The Codehaus), ES5-EXT-0.10.30 (Copyright (C)
2011-2017 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), ORDERED-READ-STREAMS-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Artem Medeusheyev), COMPARE-FUNC-1.3.2 (No Copyright
statement#), LAST-RUN (Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz Eric
Schoffstall and other contributors), GLOBBY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ASYNC-EACH-1.0.1 (No
Copyright statement#), HTML5 SHIV V3.6.2PRE (Copyright (c) 2014
Alexander Farkas), X11R6 [HDF5] (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium),
UNDERTAKER (Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz Eric Schoffstall and other
contributors), REACT-NATIONAL-FLATPICKR (No Copyright Found), LITTLECMS
[OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 1998-2010 Marti Maria Saguer),
LODASH._BASEINDEXOF-3.1.0 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), ARGV-FORMATTER (Copyright (c) 2014 Ben
Drucker), DECODE-URI-COMPONENT-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)), USE-3.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2015-present Jon Schlinkert.), LODASH.ESCAPEREGEXP
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors), READLINE2-0.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
[@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))), CLASSNAMES-2.2.6 (Copyright
(c) 2017 Jed Watson), SOURCE-CODE-UTIL.JS (copyright 2016 Ian
VanSchooten. All rights reserved.), SEMANTIC-RELEASE (Copyright (c) 2017
Contributors), SPEC-XUNIT-FILE (Copyright (c) 2014 Joe Cyboski),
CLI-CURSOR-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), LIBDIVSUFSORT [Netty] (Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Yuta
Mori All Rights Reserved.), SUPPORTS-COLOR [istanbul] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
DIR-GLOB-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Kevin MÃƒÂ¥rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),
LODASH.TOPLAINOBJECT-3.0.0 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), MINIMIST-0.0.10 (No Copyright Statement),
CLONE-RESPONSE-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Luke Childs), KIND-OF-4.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), ARRIFY-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
JNI/LIBFFI/LICENSE [jffi] (Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Anthony Green, Red
Hat, Inc and others.), NORMALIZE-PATH-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon
Schlinkert), IS-INSTALLED-GLOBALLY-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REWIRE-2.5.2 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Johannes Ewald), NO-RESTRICTED-IMPORTS.JS (copyright 2015 Guy
Ellis. All rights reserved.), AHOCORAPY (Copyright (c) 2018 Abusix
Inc.), JS-TOKENS-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 Simon Lydell),
NODE-FALAFEL (copyright (c) James Halliday,), IS-BUILTIN-MODULE-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), KIND-OF-3.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon
Schlinkert), READDIRP-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz),
UNDEFSAFE (Copyright  Â© 2016 Remy Sharp http://remysharp.com
<remy@remysharp.com>), HAS-SYMBOL-SUPPORT-X-1.4.2 (Copyright (c)
2015-present Graham Fairweather.), PYTZ (No Copyright Statement),
EMBEDDINGS (No Copyright Statement), NO-CONFUSING-ARROW.JS (copyright
2015 Luke Karrys. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2015 Jxck),
LOAD-JSON-FILE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), QUOTES.JS (copyright 2013
Matt DuVall. All rights reserved.), GULP-PLUMBER (Copyright 2014
Vsevolod Strukchinsky), RESOLVE-1.8.1 (No Copyright Statement),
CACHE-BASE-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
NO-MIXED-SPACES-AND-TABS.JS (copyright 2014 Jary Niebur. All rights
reserved.), CONNECT-LIVERELOAD (Copyright (c) 2013 intesso),
PATH-DIRNAME-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Elan Shanker and Node.js contributors.
All rights reserved.), NO-UNDEF-INIT.JS (copyright 2013 Ilya Volodin.
All rights reserved.), YARGS-7.1.0 (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), CARDINAL-1.0.0 (Copyright 2012 Thorsten Lorenz.),
SPLIT-STRING-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.),
MATH-RANDOM-1.0.4 (No Copyright Statement), ARRAY-INITIAL (Copyright (c)
2014 Jon Schlinkert contributors.), NUMPY-1.13.3 (No Copyright
Statement), GET-STREAM-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FRAGMENT-CACHE-0.2.1
(Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Jon Schlinkert), OBJECT-ASSIGN ((c) Sindre
Sorhus), BCPG-JDK15ON (No Copyright Statement),
CURRENTLY-UNHANDLED-0.4.1 (Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)), TYPE-DETECT-0.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>
(http://alogicalparadox.com)), OPTIONATOR-0.5.0 (Copyright (c) George
Zahariev), STRING-WIDTH-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), AJV-6.8.1 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), JSON-BUFFER-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
Dominic Tarr), PATH-EXISTS-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MODIFY-VALUES (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus), OBJECT-KEYS-1.0.12 (Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan
Harband), OBJECT-COPY-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
PROCESS-NEXTICK-ARGS-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf),
HTTPS-PROXY-AGENT-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), LODASH._PICKBYARRAY (Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), DOM4J (No Copyright Statement),
@SEMANTIC-RELEASE/COMMIT-ANALYZER (Copyright (c) 2017 Pierre-Denis
Vanduynslager), TO-ISO-STRING-0.0.2 (No Copyright Statement),
COLORS-1.0.3 (- Copyright (c) Marak Squires - Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), P-CANCELABLE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ES6-SYMBOL-3.1.1 (Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz
Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), IS-MY-JSON-VALID-2.16.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), GLOB-WATCHER (Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other
contributors), PARSE-JSON-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LODASH._BASECLONE-3.3.0
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
ARR-UNION-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
UNSET-VALUE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
BUFFERSTREAMS-1.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nicolas Froidure
<http://insertafter.com/>), MEM-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PARSE-GITHUB-URL
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), CONFIGURATOR
[Plexus-Container-Default] (Copyright (c) 2004, The Codehaus),
TARFILE.PY [distlib] (Copyright (C) 2002 Lars Gustaebel
<lars@gustaebel.de> All rights reserved.), ASYNC-0.2.10 (Copyright (c)
2010 Caolan McMahon), TRIM-NEWLINES (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EXTEND-SHALLOW-1.1.4
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), SUPPORTS-COLOR-3.1.2
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), NO-EXTRA-BIND.JS (copyright 2016 Toru Nagashima.
All rights reserved. copyright 2014 Bence DÃƒÂ¡nyi. All rights reserved.),
WORDWRAP-0.0.3 (No Copyright Statement), WORDWRAP-0.0.2 (No Copyright
Statement), HANDLEBARS-4.0.12 (Copyright (C) 2011-2017 by Yehuda Katz),
MS-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.), HANDLEBARS-4.0.10 (Copyright
(C) 2011-2016 by Yehuda Katz), HANDLEBARS-4.0.11 (Copyright (C)
2011-2017 by Yehuda Katz), CLEAN-STACK (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SUPERAGENT-3.8.3
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
CHECK-ERROR-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)), JS-YAML-3.6.1
(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), REACT (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), REPLACE-HOMEDIR (Copyright (c) 2017
Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall
<yo@contra.io> and other contributors), ES6-WEAK-MAP-2.0.2 (Copyright
(C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), END-OF-STREAM-1.4.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), KIND-OF-6.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), V8FLAGS-3.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Tyler
Kellen <tyler@sleekcode.net> Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com>
and Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), TSNE.JS [tensorboard] (No
Copyright Statement), SLICE-ANSI-0.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 DC
<threedeecee@gmail.com>), TEST.JS (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon
Schlinkert), XML-ESCAPE (Copyright (c) 2014 Michael Hernandez),
HAS-VALUE-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), ECC-JSBN-0.1.2
(No Copyright Statement), INTO-STREAM-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), OBJECT.MAP-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert contributors.),
GET-FUNC-NAME-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)),
JAVA-STATSD-CLIENT (No Copyright Statement), TRAVERSE-0.6.6 (Copyright
2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)), FILE-FINDER.JS (copyright 2014 Aliaksei Shytkin.
All rights reserved.), LODASH.ISTYPEDARRAY-3.0.6 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
NATIONAL-FLATPICKR (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
ES6-ITERATOR-2.0.3 (Copyright (C) 2013-2017 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), ES6-ITERATOR-2.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz
Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), FOR-OWN-0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017
Jon Schlinkert), SLF4J-SIMPLE-1.7.25 (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All
rights reserved.), NO-RESTRICTED-GLOBALS.JS (copyright 2016 BenoÃƒÂ®t
Zugmeyer. All rights reserved.), INVARIANT (Copyright (c) 2013-present,
Facebook, Inc.), ANSI-REGEX-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TO-REGEX-3.0.2 (Copyright
(c) 2016-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), REACT V16.5.0 (SCHEDULE-0.3.0)
(Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), ANALYTICS-NODE-3.3.0
(Copyright  Â© 2017 Segment Inc. <friends@segment.com>), ANSI-COLORS
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Brian Woodward.), JOIN-COMPONENT-1.1.0 (No
Copyright Statement), CSS-LOADER (Author Tobias Koppers @sokra),
ARRAY-UNION-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JS-YAML-3.10.0 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly
Puzrin), STRINGSTREAM-0.0.6 (Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), PREPEND-HTTP-1.0.4 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CHALK-2.3.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), NOPT-1.0.10 (Copyright 2009 2010 2011 Isaac Z.
Schlueter.), NO-USELESS-CONSTRUCTOR.JS (copyright 2015 Alberto
RodrÃƒÂ­guez. All rights reserved.), BOXEN-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ESLINT (Copyright
(c) 2013 Nicholas C. Zakas. All rights reserved.),
ANIMAL-SNIFFER-ANNOTATIONS (No Copyright Statement), SLF4J-NOP-1.7.25
(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights reserved.), TRIM-OFF-NEWLINES
(Copyright (c) Steve Mao <maochenyan@gmail.com> (github.com/stevemao)),
SPAWN-ERROR-FORWARDER (Copyright (c) 2014 Ben Drucker),
LOCATE-PATH-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), YARGS-11.1.0 (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), CHAI-3.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com>), COLOR-NAME-1.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Dmitry
Ivanov), LAZY-CACHE-2.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.),
LODASH.CAPITALIZE-4.2.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), REQ-FROM-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
ACORN-JSX-3.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by Ingvar Stepanyan), LEAD
(Copyright (c) 2017 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors),
SET-IMMEDIATE-SHIM-1.0.1 (No Copyright Statement), TERMCOLOR (No
Copyright Statement), BTOA-LITE (No Copyright Found), ARRAY-SLICE-1.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), CONFIG.JS (copyright 2013
Seth McLaughlin. All rights reserved.), ES6-PROMISIFY-5.0.0 (No
Copyright statement#), ICU4C [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) 1995-2010
International Business Machines Corporation and others), INFLECTION
(Copyright (C) 2012-2015 Janne Vanhala), @NODELIB/FS.STAT-1.1.3 (No
Copyright Statement), HTML5LIB [tensorboard] (Copyright (c) 2006-2013
James Graham and other contributors), ANIMAL-SNIFFER-ANNOTATIONS-1.17
(No Copyright statement#), ATOB-2.1.2 (No Copyright Statement),
@OCTOKIT/REST (Copyright (c) 2012 Cloud9 IDE Inc. (Mike de
Boer)Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Octokit contributors), ATOB-2.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 AJ ONeal), RESPONSELIKE-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2017
Luke Childs), SAFE-REGEX-1.1.0 (No Copyright Statement),
SNAPDRAGON-NODE-2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
SAFE-BUFFER-5.0.1 (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh),
GULP-ISTANBUL-1.1.3 (No Copyright Statement), IS-ARRAYISH-0.2.1
(Copyright (c) 2015 JD Ballard), PATH-TYPE-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ARRAY-UNIQUE-0.3.2
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert), REDIS-MOCK (Copyright (c) 2012
Kristian Faeldt <kristian.faeldt@gmail.com>), MIMIC-RESPONSE-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), TO-SINGLE-QUOTES (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), AJV-KEYWORDS-1.5.1
(Copyright (c) 2016 Evgeny Poberezkin), ONETIME-1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IS-RETRY-ALLOWED-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)), BASE-0.11.2 (Copyright
(c) 2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), CLASSNAMES (Copyright (c) 2016 Jed
Watson.), FLATPICKR-4.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
EVENT-EMITTER-0.3.5 (Copyright (C) 2012-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), JS-YAML-3.8.4 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly
Puzrin), IS-MY-JSON-VALID (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
BABEL-CODE-FRAME-6.22.0 (No Copyright Statement), URL-TO-OPTIONS-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2017 Steven Vachon), TYPE-CHECK-0.3.2 (Copyright (c)
George Zahariev), RELAX NG [OpenJDK] (Copyright (c) Kohsuke Kawaguchi),
COMPONENT-TYPE-1.2.1 (No Copyright statement#), CAOLAN/ASYNC [istanbul]
(Copyright 2010-2014 Caolan McMahon), CLI-BOXES-1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
FOLLOW-REDIRECTS-1.6.1 (Copyright 2014 - present Olivier Lalonde
<olalonde@gmail.com> James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh),
ISTANBUL-THRESHOLD-CHECKER-0.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Peter West),
SET-VALUE-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), CP.JS
(Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan McGrath Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib),
MIMIC-FN-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ARR-MAP (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert),
IS-NEGATED-GLOB-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jon Schlinkert),
CALL-ME-MAYBE-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Eric McCarthy),
TO-ABSOLUTE-GLOB-2.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert),
PATHLIB-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Antoine Pitrou and contributors),
SUPERTEST-3.4.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), HAS-TO-STRING-TAG-X-1.4.1 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Graham Fairweather.), PASCALCASE-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), REACT-INFINITE-SCROLLER-1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2016
CASSETTECopyright (c) 2013 guillaumervls), FLAGGED-RESPAWN-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Tyler Kellen <tyler@sleekcode.net> Blaine
Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>),
SEMVER-GREATEST-SATISFIED-RANGE (Copyright (c) 2015 2017 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other
contributors), JEDIS-2.9.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Jonathan Leibiusky),
GLOB-STREAM-6.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other
contributors), PATHVAL-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jake Luer
jake@alogicalparadox.com), SEMVER-DIFF-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SETUPTOOLS0
(Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs), LAZY-CACHE-1.0.4 (Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), UNIVERSALIFY-0.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Ryan
Zimmerman <opensrc@ryanzim.com>), PREPEND-HTTP-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), YARGS-3.10.0
(Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), GLOBAL-DIRS-0.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), IS-OBJECT-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Colingo.),
READ-PKG-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CUP PARSER GENERATOR [OpenJDK] (Copyright 1996-1999
by Scott Hudson, Frank Flannery, C. Scott Ananian), DEBUG-3.2.6
(Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
SET-VALUE-0.4.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert), PQ [Stolon] 
(Copyright (c) 2011-2013, 'pq' Contributors, portions
Copyright (C) 2011 Blake Mizeran), NORMALIZE.CSS [Groovy] (No copyright
found), ALPINE-KEYS (Maintainer: Natanael Copa), CLIENT9 [kubernetes]
(Copyright Nick Galbreath), MITCHELLH [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2014
Mitchell Hashimoto), SATORI [Stolon] (Copyright (C) 2013-2015 by Maxim
Bublis), DIRENT.H - DIRENT API FOR MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO [libressl]
(Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko), PERKS [Stolon] (Copyright (C)
2013 Blake Mizerany), HTTPCACHE [Stolon] (Copyright  Â© 2012 Greg Jones),
HEREDOC [kubernetes] ((c) 2014-2017 TSUYUSATO Kitsune), YAML [Stolon]
(Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), MUSL-UTILS (Copyright  Â© 2005-2014 Rich
Felker, et al), SU-EXEC (Copyright (c) 2015 ncopa), INSTALL.SH
[libressl2.7-libssl] (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), TCPKEEPALIVE
[Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2017 Simone Gotti), ZAP [Stolon] (Copyright (c)
2016 Uber Technologies, Inc.), WEBSOCKETCLIENTHANDLER.JAVA [Netty]
(https://github.com/enriclluelles/rxjava_netty_websocket_client/blob/
master/src/main/java/socket/WebSocketClientHandler.java),
MUSL (Copyright Â© 2005-2014 Rich Felker, et al.), UGORI [Stolon]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke. All rights reserved.), ATOMIC
[Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2016 Uber Technologies, Inc.),
WEBSOCKETCLIENT.JAVA [Netty]
(https://github.com/TooTallNate/Java-WebSocket/blob/master/src/main/java/
org/java_websocket/client/WebSocketClient.java),
GO-MD2MAN [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff), UNICODE [Jcodings]
(Not Found), COMPAT [libressl2.7-libssl] (Copyright  Â© 2005-2014 Rich
Felker, et al.), GO-SHELLWORDS [kubernetes] (Author: Yasuhiro
Matsumoto), GO-SHELLQUOTE [Stolon] (Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin Ballard),
EASYJSON [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2016 Mail.Ru Group), JAVA-CACERTS (No
Copyrights Found ), RESTFUL [Stolon] (Copyright 2014 Ernest Micklei. All
rights reserved), WEBSOCKETX [Netty] (Copyright 2011 The Netty Project),
JOPT-SIMPLE (None found), GLOBAL [musl] (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J.
Kain), DISKV [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter Bourgon), KRB5-CONF
(No copyright found), NORMALIZE-STYLESHEET-GROOVY-DOCGENERATOR.TXT
[Groovy] (Copyright (c) Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal),
NCURSES-TERMINFO-BASE (Copyright (c) 1998-2014,2015 Free Software
Foundation, Inc.), COMMENT_PARSER [pkgconf] (Copyright (c) 2015
Jean-Ralph Aviles), CRT [musl] (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain),
DIRENT_MSVC.H [libressl] (Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko), GO
[Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator), EMICKLE [Stolon] ((c)
2012-2015, http://ernestmicklei.com), UTF8VALIDATOR.JAVA [Netty]
(https://github.com/crossbario/autobahn-android/blob/master/Autobahn/src/de
/tavendo/autobahn/Utf8Validator.java),
JONI (Copyright 2013 enebo), SGOTTI [Stolon] (Copyright (C) 2014 Thomas
Rooney), PTY [Stolon] (Copyright (c) 2011 Keith Rarick), LUAL_TYPERROR
[apk-tools] (Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio), GLOBAL __SETJMP
[musl] (Copyright 2011-2012 Nicholas J. Kain), LUA [Redis] (Copyright
(C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio), NCURSES-TERMINFO (No copyright found.
Author: Natanael Copa <ncopa@alpinelinux.org>), GO-RESTFUL [Stolon]
(Copyright (c) 2017 Ernest Micklei), JCODINGS (Not Found), STDINT.H
[musl] (Copyright (C) 2011 by Valentin Ochs)


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

END OF MIT LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MIT-EQUIVALENT

mk-ca-bundle.pl-Curl

Curl
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Pip-files-expat

Expat
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd
                               and Clark Cooper

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

MIT-EQUIVALENT

base64.c (Copyright (c) 1995 by International Business Machines, Inc.)

 International Business Machines, Inc. (hereinafter called IBM) grants
* permission under its copyrights to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
* Software with or without fee, provided that the above copyright notice and
* all paragraphs of this notice appear in all copies, and that the name of IBM
* not be used in connection with the marketing of any product incorporating
* the Software or modifications thereof, without specific, written prior
* permission.
*
* To the extent it has a right to do so, IBM grants an immunity from suit
* under its patents, if any, for the use, sale or manufacture of products to
* the extent that such products are used for performing Domain Name System
* dynamic updates in TCP/IP networks by means of the Software. No immunity is
* granted for any product per se or for any other function of any product.
*
* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", AND IBM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
* INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
* PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL IBM BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
* DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING
* OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
* IF IBM IS APPRISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


test_testdist [distlib 0.2.6]

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Vinay Sajip
not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution
of the software without specific, written prior permission.

VINAY SAJIP DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL
VINAY SAJIP BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

MIT + NO FALSE ATTRIBUTES

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the MIT +No False Attributes License:

through2 (Copyright 2013 Rod Vagg (the "Original Author"))

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Distributions of all or part of the Software intended to be used
by the recipients as they would use the unmodified Software,
containing modifications that substantially alter, remove, or
disable functionality of the Software, outside of the documented
configuration mechanisms provided by the Software, shall be
modified such that the Original Author's bug reporting email
addresses and urls are either replaced with the contact information
of the parties responsible for the changes, or removed entirely.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

END OF MIT-EQUIVALENT LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.0 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

ROOTCERTIFICATES [grpcio]
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/g/grpcio/grpcio-1.18.0.tar.gz)

END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

HTML PARSER
(http://registry.npmjs.org/angular-ui-router/-/angular-ui-router-0.4.3.tgz),
msvcc.sh (https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-2713/),
RabbitMQ-Server
(https://bintray.com/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-server-rpm/download_file?file_pat
h=rabbitmq-server-3.6.9-1.el7.src.rpm), 
msvcc.sh (https://github.com/jnr/jffi/tree/1.2.10), RHINO [OpenJDK]
(http://openjdk.java.net), JAVASSIST-3.21.0 (Not Required)


END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

PUBLICSUFFIX-LIST
(https://github.com/publicsuffix/list/tree/b566870aaebab56ebf12f153482335c769715707),
CERTDATA.TXT [NodeJS]
(https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/raw-file/tip/security/nss/lib/ckfw/builtins/certdata.txt),
CERTIF [Pip] (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pip), CERTIFI
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/c/certifi/certifi-2019.9.11.tar.gz),
KAFKA [tensorflow]
(https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/v1.12.0), EIGEN
[tensorflow] (https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/v1.12.0), 
bashstyle (Not found), distrc
(https://fastdl.mongodb.org/src/mongodb-src-r3.4.4.zip),
effective_tld_names.dat (http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/), hashicorp
(https://github.com/sorintlab/stolon/), LICENSE.txt
(http://archive.apache.org/dist/httpcomponents/httpclient/binary/httpcom
ponents-client-4.5.1-bin.tar.gz), Makefile (Not found), 
certifi 2018.8.13
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/c/certifi/certifi-2018.8.13.tar.gz),
certifi-2018.01.18 (Not Required), CXX11/* (Not Required), hashicorp
(https://github.com/sorintlab/stolon/), Mozilla Communicator client code
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/b/botocore/botocore-1.9.23.tar.gz),
roots.pem
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/g/grpcio/grpcio-1.10.1.tar.gz), Source
Code Form
(http://registry.npmjs.org/tough-cookie/-/tough-cookie-2.3.1.tgz), 
TQDM (https://pypi.io/packages/source/t/tqdm/tqdm-4.30.0.tar.gz),
MOZILLA EULA THUNDERBIRD2.TXT [Lucene]
(https://projects.apache.org/project.html?lucene-core),
CERTIFI-2018.1.18 (Not Required), PUBLIC_SUFFIX_LIST.DAT
(http://registry.npmjs.org/parse-domain/-/parse-domain-2.1.6.tgz), EIGEN
[tensorflow]
(https://files.pythonhosted.org/packages/e7/88/417f18ca7eed5ba9bebd51650d04a4
af929f96c10a10fbb3302196f8d098/tensorflow-1.9.0-cp36-cp36m-win_amd64.whl), 
LICENSE.TXT [HttpClient]
(http://archive.apache.org/dist/httpcomponents/httpclient/binary/httpcomponents
-client-4.5.1-bin.tar.gz),
HASHICORP [Stolon] (https://github.com/sorintlab/stolon/)


END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Python License:

BACKPORTS_WEAKREF [tensorflow], SSL_MATCH_HOSTNAME.PY [pymongo],
IPADDRESS, LOCKFILE [Pip], PYTHON [h5py], IPADDRESS.PY [Pip], DISTLIB
[Pip], PYTHON_RUNTIME [tensorflow], PORTIONS OF CODEC IMPLEMENTATION AND
UNIT TESTS [idna], SSL_MATCH_HOSTNAME/_IMPLEMENTATION.PY [urllib3],
SSL_MATCH_HOSTNAME [Pip], PYXIMPORT [Cython], /_implementation.py, 
3to2/setup.py (future), _implementation.py,
_implementation.py (urllib3), _implementation.py python stdlib
(ssl_match_hostname), ArrayUtil.java, ASPN Python Cookbook recipe,
copybutton.js, decorators.py, distlib,
Doc/LEGAL/copy/LICENSE.python-2.2, fixes, gunicorn.logging_config,
h5py-2.8.0/licenses/python.txt, ipaddress, Lucene Arrayutil,
pidlockfile.py, plot_directive.py, Python standard library (idna),
robotparser.py, roman.py 1.4, sphinx-theme, ssl_match_hostname.py,
ssl_match_hostname.py (pymongo), surrogateescape.py, UnicodeUtil.java,
SSL_MATCH_HOSTNAME.PY [pymongo], SETUPTOOLS V0.6C9 [distlib],
FIX_PRINT.PY, PYTHON 2.7.5, TEST_URLLIB_TOPLEVEL.PY, DISTLIB, PYSERIAL,
ARRAYUTIL.JAVA [Lucene], PYCRYPTO, UNICODEUTIL.JAVA [Lucene-core],
PYXIMPORT [Cython]

A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting
Mathematisch Centrum (CWI, see http://www.cwi.nl) in the Netherlands
as a successor of a language called ABC.  Guido remains Python's
principal author, although it includes many contributions from others.

In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for
National Research Initiatives (CNRI, see http://www.cnri.reston.va.us)
in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the
software.

In May 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to
BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team.  In October of the same
year, the PythonLabs team moved to Digital Creations (now Zope
Corporation, see http://www.zope.com).  In 2001, the Python Software
Foundation (PSF, see http://www.python.org/psf/) was formed, a
non-profit organization created specifically to own Python-related
Intellectual Property.  Zope Corporation is a sponsoring member of
the PSF.

All Python releases are Open Source (see http://www.opensource.org for
the Open Source Definition).  Historically, most, but not all, Python
releases have also been GPL-compatible; the table below summarizes
the various releases.

    Release         Derived     Year        Owner       GPL-
                    from                                compatible? (1)

    0.9.0 thru 1.2              1991-1995   CWI         yes
    1.3 thru 1.5.2  1.2         1995-1999   CNRI        yes
    1.6             1.5.2       2000        CNRI        no
    2.0             1.6         2000        BeOpen.com  no
    1.6.1           1.6         2001        CNRI        yes (2)
    2.1             2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         no
    2.0.1           2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.1           2.1+2.0.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.2             2.1.1       2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.2           2.1.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.1.3           2.1.2       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.1           2.2         2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.2           2.2.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.3           2.2.2       2003        PSF         yes
    2.3             2.2.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.1           2.3         2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.2           2.3.1       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.3           2.3.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.4           2.3.3       2004        PSF         yes
    2.3.5           2.3.4       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4             2.3         2004        PSF         yes
    2.4.1           2.4         2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.2           2.4.1       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.3           2.4.2       2006        PSF         yes
    2.4.4           2.4.3       2006        PSF         yes
    2.5             2.4         2006        PSF         yes
    2.5.1           2.5         2007        PSF         yes
    2.5.2           2.5.1       2008        PSF         yes
    2.5.3           2.5.2       2008        PSF         yes
    2.6             2.5         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.1           2.6         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.2           2.6.1       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.3           2.6.2       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.4           2.6.3       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.5           2.6.4       2010        PSF         yes
    2.7             2.6         2010        PSF         yes

Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
2011, 2012 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python
alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


Additional Conditions for this Windows binary build
---------------------------------------------------

This program is linked with and uses Microsoft Distributable Code,
copyrighted by Microsoft Corporation. The Microsoft Distributable Code
includes the following files:

msvcr90.dll
msvcp90.dll
msvcm90.dll

If you further distribute programs that include the Microsoft
Distributable Code, you must comply with the restrictions on
distribution specified by Microsoft. In particular, you must require
distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect the
Microsoft Distributable Code at least as much as Microsoft's own
requirements for the Distributable Code. See Microsoft's documentation
(included in its developer tools and on its website at microsoft.com)
for specific details.

Redistribution of the Windows binary build of the Python interpreter
complies with this agreement, provided that you do not:

- alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in Microsoft's
Distributable Code;

- use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

- distribute Microsoft's Distributable Code to run on a platform other
than Microsoft operating systems, run-time technologies or application
platforms; or

- include Microsoft Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or
unlawful programs.

These restrictions apply only to the Microsoft Distributable Code as
defined above, not to Python itself or any programs running on the
Python interpreter. The redistribution of the Python interpreter and
libraries is governed by the Python Software License included with this
file, or by other licenses as marked.


This copy of Python includes a copy of bzip2, which is licensed under the following terms:


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program, "bzip2", the associated library "libbzip2", and all
documentation, are copyright (C) 1996-2007 Julian R Seward.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Julian Seward, jseward@bzip.org
bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.5 of 10 December 2007

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This copy of Python includes a copy of Berkeley DB, which is licensed under the following terms:

/*-
 * $Id: LICENSE,v 12.9 2008/02/07 17:12:17 mark Exp $
 */

The following is the license that applies to this copy of the Berkeley DB
software.  For a license to use the Berkeley DB software under conditions
other than those described here, or to purchase support for this software,
please contact Oracle at berkeleydb-info_us@oracle.com.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990,2008 Oracle.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Redistributions in any form must be accompanied by information on
 *    how to obtain complete source code for the DB software and any
 *    accompanying software that uses the DB software.  The source code
 *    must either be included in the distribution or be available for no
 *    more than the cost of distribution plus a nominal fee, and must be
 *    freely redistributable under reasonable conditions.  For an
 *    executable file, complete source code means the source code for all
 *    modules it contains.  It does not include source code for modules or
 *    files that typically accompany the major components of the operating
 *    system on which the executable file runs.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ORACLE ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
 * NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
 * BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
 * IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995
 * The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1995, 1996
 * The President and Fellows of Harvard University.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY HARVARD AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/***
 * ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 * Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

This copy of Python includes a copy of openssl, which is licensed under the following terms:


  LICENSE ISSUES
  ==============

  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

  OpenSSL License
  ---------------

/* ====================================================================
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2008 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 *
 */

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 */


This copy of Python includes a copy of Tcl, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState
Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files
associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in
individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tk, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., and other parties.  The following
terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly
disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license.

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tix, which is licensed under the following terms:

Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Ioi Kim Lam.
Copyright (c) 2000-2001 Tix Project Group.
Copyright (c) 2004 ActiveState

This software is copyrighted by the above entities
and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated
with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Parts of this software are based on the Tcl/Tk software copyrighted by
the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc.,
and other parties. The original license terms of the Tcl/Tk software
distribution is included in the file docs/license.tcltk.

Parts of this software are based on the HTML Library software
copyrighted by Sun Microsystems, Inc. The original license terms of
the HTML Library software distribution is included in the file
docs/license.html_lib.

END OF PYTHON LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained under
the RegEx Henry Spencer License.

OPENBSD REGEX COMPONENTS [tensorflow] (Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry
Spencer. All rights reserved)

Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone 
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject
to the following restrictions:

1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,
   credits must appear in the documentation.

3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.

4. This notice may not be removed or altered.

END OF REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNICODE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the UNICODE

UNIT TESTS [idna], ICU-SMALL [NodeJS]

Copyright Â© 1991-2019 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.
Distributed under the Terms of Use in https://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation
(the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation
(the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files
or Software are furnished to do so, provided that either
(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies
of the Data Files or Software, or
(b) this copyright and permission notice appear in associated
Documentation.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.

END OF UNICODE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE

encoding_helpers.c

License Notice for encoding_helpers.c
Portions Copyright 2001 Unicode, Inc.

Disclaimer

This source code is provided as is by Unicode, Inc. No claims are
made as to fitness for any particular purpose. No warranties of any
kind are expressed or implied. The recipient agrees to determine
applicability of information provided. If this file has been
purchased on magnetic or optical media from Unicode, Inc., the
sole remedy for any claim will be exchange of defective media
within 90 days of receipt.

Limitations on Rights to Redistribute This Code

Unicode, Inc. hereby grants the right to freely use the information
supplied in this file in the creation of products supporting the
Unicode Standard, and to make copies of this file in any form
for internal or external distribution as long as this notice
remains attached.


HDF5

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted for any purpose (including commercial
purposes) provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or materials provided with the
distribution.
3. In addition, redistributions of modified forms of the source or
binary code must carry prominent notices stating that the original
code was changed and the date of the change.
4. All publications or advertising materials mentioning features or
use of this software are asked, but not required, to acknowledge that
it was developed by The HDF Group and by the National Center for
Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign and credit the contributors.
5. Neither the name of The HDF Group, the name of the University,
nor the name of any Contributor may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission from THG, the University, or the Contributor, respectively.

Portions of HDF5 were developed with support from the University of
California, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (UC LLNL). The
following statement applies to those portions of the product and must
be retained in any redistribution of source code, binaries,
documentation, and/or accompanying materials:


LMDB

The OpenLDAP Public License
  Version 2.8, 17 August 2003

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in source form must retain copyright statements
   and notices,

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce applicable copyright
   statements and notices, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution, and

3. Redistributions must contain a verbatim copy of this document.

The OpenLDAP Foundation may revise this license from time to time.
Each revision is distinguished by a version number.  You may use
this Software under terms of this license revision or under the
terms of any subsequent revision of the license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION AND ITS
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, OR THE AUTHOR(S)
OR OWNER(S) OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


punycode.c

Disclaimer and license

Regarding this entire document or any portion of it (including
the pseudocode and C code), the author makes no guarantees and
is not responsible for any damage resulting from its use. The
author grants irrevocable permission to anyone to use, modify,
and distribute it in any way that does not diminish the rights
of anyone else to use, modify, and distribute it, provided that
redistributed derivative works do not contain misleading author or
version information. Derivative works need not be licensed under
similar terms.


POSTGRESQL LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the PostgreSQL License:

zsh completion (Copyright (C) 2005, 2006 Steve Borho , Copyright 
(C) 2006-10 Brendan Cully)
PostgreSQL (formerly known as Postgres, then as Postgres95)

Portions Copyright (c) 1996-2017, PostgreSQL Global Development Group
Portions Copyright (c) 1994, The Regents of the University of California

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose, without fee, and without a written agreement
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this
paragraph and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING
LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS
DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATIONS TO
PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

END OF POSTGRESQL LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

eGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the eGenix.com Public License Agreement:

LazyModule.py

EGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT 
Version 1.1.0 
This license agreement is based on the 
Python CNRI License Agreement
, a widely accepted open-
source license. 
1. Introduction 
This "License Agreement" is between eGenix
.com Software, Skills and Services GmbH 
("eGenix.com"), having an office at Pastor-Loeh-Str. 48, D-40764 Langenfeld, Germany, and the 
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing an
d otherwise using this software in source or 
binary form and its associated documentation ("the Software"). 
2. License 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this eGenix.com Public License Agreement, eGenix.com 
hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, 
test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use 
the Software alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that the eGenix.com Public 
License Agreement is retained in the Software, 
or in any derivative version of the Software 
prepared by Licensee. 
3. NO WARRANTY 
eGenix.com is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. SUBJECT TO ANY 
STATUTORY WARRANTIES WHICH CAN NOT BE EXCLUDED, EGENIX.COM MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT 
NOT LIMITATION, EGENIX.COM MAKES NO 
AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNES
S FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT 
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. 
4. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
EGENIX.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE 
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE
S FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY 
LOSS) AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING 
OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY 
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EX
CLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT 
APPLY TO LICENSEE. 
5. Termination 
This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and 
conditions. 
6. 
Third Party Rights 
Any software or documentation in source or bina
ry form provided along with the Software that 
is associated with a separate license agreement 
is licensed to Licensee under the terms of that 
license agreement. This License Agreement does 
not apply to those port
ions of the Software. 
Copies of the third party licenses are included in the Software Distribution. 
7. General 
Nothing in this License Agreement affects any statutory rights of consumers that cannot be 
waived or limited by contract. 
Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, 
partnership, or joint venture between eGenix.com and Licensee. 
If any provision of this License Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason 
unenforceable, such provision shall be modified to
the extent necessary to render it enforceable 
without losing its intent, or, if no such modifica
tion is possible, be severed from this License 
Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this 
License Agreement. 
This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects by the law of 
Germany, excluding conflict of law provisions. It
shall not be governed by the United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for International Sale of Goods. 
This License Agreement does not grant permission to use eGenix.com trademarks or trade 
names in a trademark sense to endorse or promot
e products or services of Licensee, or any 
third party. 
The controlling language of this License Agreement is English. If Licensee has received a 
translation into another language, it has been provided for Licensee's convenience only. 
8. Agreement 
By downloading, copying, installing or otherw
ise using the Software, Licensee agrees to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. 
For question regarding this License Agreement, please write to: 
eGenix.com Software, Skills and Services GmbH 
Pastor-Loeh-Str. 48 
D-40764 Langenfeld 
Germany 

END OF eGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE BEERWARE LICENSE

Beerware License

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the Beerware License:

helper.c- (Author:Poul-Henning Kamp),  
Legalese (copyright (C) 1991-2012, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding. 
All Rights Reserved)

THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
phk@FreeBSD.ORG wrote this file. 
As long as you retain this notice you can do whatever you want with this 
stuff. If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it, you can 
buy me a beer in return Poul-Henning Kamp

END OF UNIQUE BEERWARE LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE NVIDIA License

NVIDIA License

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the NVIDIA License:

gonvml (Copyright 1993-2016 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.)

Use of NVIDIA's products requires three elements: the SOFTWARE, the 
hardware on a graphics controller board, and a personal computer. 
The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. 
The SOFTWARE is not sold, and instead is only licensed for use, 
strictly in accordance with this document. The hardware is protected 
by various patents, and is sold, but this LICENSE does not cover that 
sale, since it may not necessarily be sold as a package with the SOFTWARE. 
This LICENSE sets forth the terms and conditions of the SOFTWARE LICENSE 
only.

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Customer. Customer means the entity or individual that downloads the 
SOFTWARE.
2. GRANT OF LICENSE
2.1 Rights and Limitations of Grant. NVIDIA hereby grants Customer the 
following non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the SOFTWARE, 
with the following limitations:
2.1.1 Rights. Customer may install and use one copy of the SOFTWARE on 
a single computer, and except for making one back-up copy of the Software, 
may not otherwise copy the SOFTWARE. This LICENSE of SOFTWARE may not be 
shared or used concurrently on different computers.
2.1.2 Linux/FreeBSD/OpenSolaris Exception. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
terms of Section 2.1.1, SOFTWARE designed exclusively for use on the 
Linux or FreeBSD operating systems, or Open Solaris or other operating 
systems derived from the source code to these operating systems, may be 
copied and redistributed, provided that the binary files thereof are not 
modified.
2.1.3 Limitations.
No Reverse Engineering. Customer may not reverse engineer, decompile, or 
disassemble the SOFTWARE, nor attempt in any other manner to obtain the 
source code.
No Separation of Components. The SOFTWARE is licensed as a single product. 
Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer, 
nor otherwise used separately from the other parts.
No Rental. Customer may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE to someone else.
3. TERMINATION
This LICENSE will automatically terminate if Customer fails to comply with 
any of the terms and conditions hereof. In such event, Customer must destroy 
all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.
Defensive Suspension.  If Customer commences or participates in any legal 
proceeding against NVIDIA, then NVIDIA may, in its sole discretion, suspend 
or terminate all license grants and any other rights provided under this 
LICENSE during the pendency of such legal proceedings.
4. COPYRIGHT
All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE (including but not limited 
to all images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and other 
information incorporated into the SOFTWARE), the accompanying printed materials, 
and any copies of the SOFTWARE, are owned by NVIDIA, or its suppliers. 
The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. 
Accordingly, Customer is required to treat the SOFTWARE like any other 
copyrighted material, except as otherwise allowed pursuant to this LICENSE and 
that it may make one copy of the SOFTWARE solely for backup or archive purposes.
5. APPLICABLE LAW
This LICENSE shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed 
pursuant to, the laws of the State of California.  The United Nations Convention 
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically disclaimed.
6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
6.1 No Warranties. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE 
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND NVIDIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, 
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
6.2 No Liability for Consequential Damages. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of this LICENSE is inconsistent with, or cannot be fully enforced 
under, the law, such provision will be construed as limited to the extent necessary 
to be consistent with and fully enforceable under the law. This LICENSE is the final, 
complete and exclusive agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter 
hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements 
relating to such subject matter, whether oral or written. This LICENSE may only be 
modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of NVIDIA.  Customer agrees that 
it will not ship, transfer or export the SOFTWARE into any country, or use the 
SOFTWARE in any manner, prohibited by the United States Bureau of Industry and 
Security or any export laws, restrictions or regulations. 

END OF UNIQUE NVIDIA LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


END OF UNIQUE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the W3C Software Notice and License:

TEST-WHATWG-URL-TOJSON.JS [NodeJS], ASAttributeDeclaration, 
Attr.java, dom-software, lDOM, META-INF/LICENSE.txt (W3CÃƒâ€  
SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE), W3CÃƒâ€  SOFTWARE, XHTML 1.0 DTD, 
DOM [OpenJDK], W3C


W3CÂ® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE

Copyright Â© 1994-2001 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique 
et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/ 

This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is 
being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By 
obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that 
you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and 
conditions: 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without 
fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the 
following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions 
thereof, including modifications, that you make: 


    1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of
       the redistributed or derivative work.

    2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or
       terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the
       following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should
       be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:
       "Copyright Â© [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium,
       (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de
       Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University).
       All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"

    3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files,
       including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide
       URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, 
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. 

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION. 

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in 
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, 
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any 
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright 
holders. 

END OF W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zope Public License, Version 2.0:

Zope 3 (Pytz) (No copyright found)
zope (Copyright (c) 2006 Zope Foundation and Contributors. All Rights
Reserved.)

Zope Public License (ZPL) Version 2.0
-----------------------------------------------

This software is Copyright (c) Zope Corporation (tm) and
Contributors. All rights reserved.

This license has been certified as open source. It has also
been designated as GPL compatible by the Free Software
Foundation (FSF).

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in source code must retain the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
   provided with the distribution.

3. The name Zope Corporation (tm) must not be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without prior written permission from Zope Corporation.

4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for
   any purpose does not give you the right to use Servicemarks
   (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of Zope Corporation. Use of them is
   covered in a separate agreement (see
   http://www.zope.com/Marks).

5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified
   files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed
   the files and the date of any change.

Disclaimer

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ZOPE CORPORATION ``AS IS''
  AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
  NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
  AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN
  NO EVENT SHALL ZOPE CORPORATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
  OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
  DAMAGE.

This software consists of contributions made by Zope
Corporation and many individuals on behalf of Zope
Corporation.  Specific attributions are listed in the
accompanying credits file.

END OF ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZLib/ligpng

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zlib/libpng License:

Zlib 1.2.11-r1  

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied 
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages 
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, 
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software 
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must 
not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

END OF ZLIB/LIBPNG SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF NOTICE FILE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



L/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA
D/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA
P/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA         2.6         2010        PSF         yes

Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
2011, 2012 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python
alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


Additional Conditions for this Windows binary build
---------------------------------------------------

This program is linked with and uses Microsoft Distributable Code,
copyrighted by Microsoft Corporation. The Microsoft Distributable Code
includes the following files:

msvcr90.dll
msvcp90.dll
msvcm90.dll

If you further distribute programs that include the Microsoft
Distributable Code, you must comply with the restrictions on
distribution specified by Microsoft. In particular, you must require
distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect the
Microsoft Distributable Code at least as much as Microsoft's own
requirements for the Distributable Code. See Microsoft's documentation
(included in its developer tools and on its website at microsoft.com)
for specific details.

Redistribution of the Windows binary build of the Python interpreter
complies with this agreement, provided that you do not:

- alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in Microsoft's
Distributable Code;

- use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

- distribute Microsoft's Distributable Code to run on a platform other
than Microsoft operating systems, run-time technologies or application
platforms; or

- include Microsoft Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or
unlawful programs.

These restrictions apply only to the Microsoft Distributable Code as
defined above, not to Python itself or any programs running on the
Python interpreter. The redistribution of the Python interpreter and
libraries is governed by the Python Software License included with this
file, or by other licenses as marked.


This copy of Python includes a copy of bzip2, which is licensed under the following terms:


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program, "bzip2", the associated library "libbzip2", and all
documentation, are copyright (C) 1996-2007 Julian R Seward.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Julian Seward, jseward@bzip.org
bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.5 of 10 December 2007

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This copy of Python includes a copy of Berkeley DB, which is licensed under the following terms:

/*-
 * $Id: LICENSE,v 12.9 2008/02/07 17:12:17 mark Exp $
 */

The following is the license that applies to this copy of the Berkeley DB
software.  For a license to use the Berkeley DB software under conditions
other than those described here, or to purchase support for this software,
please contact Oracle at berkeleydb-info_us@oracle.com.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990,2008 Oracle.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Redistributions in any form must be accompanied by information on
 *    how to obtain complete source code for the DB software and any
 *    accompanying software that uses the DB software.  The source code
 *    must either be included in the distribution or be available for no
 *    more than the cost of distribution plus a nominal fee, and must be
 *    freely redistributable under reasonable conditions.  For an
 *    executable file, complete source code means the source code for all
 *    modules it contains.  It does not include source code for modules or
 *    files that typically accompany the major components of the operating
 *    system on which the executable file runs.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ORACLE ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
 * NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
 * BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
 * IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995
 * The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1995, 1996
 * The President and Fellows of Harvard University.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY HARVARD AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/***
 * ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 * Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

This copy of Python includes a copy of openssl, which is licensed under the following terms:


  LICENSE ISSUES
  ==============

  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

  OpenSSL License
  ---------------

/* ====================================================================
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2008 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 *
 */

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 */


This copy of Python includes a copy of Tcl, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState
Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files
associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in
individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tk, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., and other parties.  The following
terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly
disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license.

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tix, which is licensed under the following terms:

Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Ioi Kim Lam.
Copyright (c) 2000-2001 Tix Project Group.
Copyright (c) 2004 ActiveState

This software is copyrighted by the above entities
and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated
with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Parts of this software are based on the Tcl/Tk software copyrighted by
the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc.,
and other parties. The original license terms of the Tcl/Tk software
distribution is included in the file docs/license.tcltk.

Parts of this software are based on the HTML Library software
copyrighted by Sun Microsystems, Inc. The original license terms of
the HTML Library software distribution is included in the file
docs/license.html_lib.

END OF PYTHON LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained under
the RegEx Henry Spencer License.

OPENBSD REGEX COMPONENTS [tensorflow] (Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry
Spencer. All rights reserved)

Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone 
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject
to the following restrictions:

1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,
   credits must appear in the documentation.

3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.

4. This notice may not be removed or altered.

END OF REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNICODE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the UNICODE

UNIT TESTS [idna], ICU-SMALL [NodeJS]

Copyright Â© 1991-2019 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.
Distributed under the Terms of Use in https://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation
(the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation
(the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files
or Software are furnished to do so, provided that either
(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies
of the Data Files or Software, or
(b) this copyright and permission notice appear in associated
Documentation.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.

END OF UNICODE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE

encoding_helpers.c

License Notice for encoding_helpers.c
Portions Copyright 2001 Unicode, Inc.

Disclaimer

This source code is provided as is by Unicode, Inc. No claims are
made as to fitness for any particular purpose. No warranties of any
kind are expressed or implied. The recipient agrees to determine
applicability of information provided. If this file has been
purchased on magnetic or optical media from Unicode, Inc., the
sole remedy for any claim will be exchange of defective media
within 90 days of receipt.

Limitations on Rights to Redistribute This Code

Unicode, Inc. hereby grants the right to freely use the information
supplied in this file in the creation of products supporting the
Unicode Standard, and to make copies of this file in any form
for internal or external distribution as long as this notice
remains attached.


HDF5

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted for any purpose (including commercial
purposes) provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or materials provided with the
distribution.
3. In addition, redistributions of modified forms of the source or
binary code must carry prominent notices stating that the original
code was changed and the date of the change.
4. All publications or advertising materials mentioning features or
use of this software are asked, but not required, to acknowledge that
it was developed by The HDF Group and by the National Center for
Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign and credit the contributors.
5. Neither the name of The HDF Group, the name of the University,
nor the name of any Contributor may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission from THG, the University, or the Contributor, respectively.

Portions of HDF5 were developed with support from the University of
California, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (UC LLNL). The
following statement applies to those portions of the product and must
be retained in any redistribution of source code, binaries,
documentation, and/or accompanying materials:


LMDB

The OpenLDAP Public License
  Version 2.8, 17 August 2003

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in source form must retain copyright statements
   and notices,

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce applicable copyright
   statements and notices, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution, and

3. Redistributions must contain a verbatim copy of this document.

The OpenLDAP Foundation may revise this license from time to time.
Each revision is distinguished by a version number.  You may use
this Software under terms of this license revision or under the
terms of any subsequent revision of the license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION AND ITS
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, OR THE AUTHOR(S)
OR OWNER(S) OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


punycode.c

Disclaimer and license

Regarding this entire document or any portion of it (including
the pseudocode and C code), the author makes no guarantees and
is not responsible for any damage resulting from its use. The
author grants irrevocable permission to anyone to use, modify,
and distribute it in any way that does not diminish the rights
of anyone else to use, modify, and distribute it, provided that
redistributed derivative works do not contain misleading author or
version information. Derivative works need not be licensed under
similar terms.


POSTGRESQL LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the PostgreSQL License:

zsh completion (Copyright (C) 2005, 2006 Steve Borho , Copyright 
(C) 2006-10 Brendan Cully)
PostgreSQL (formerly known as Postgres, then as Postgres95)

Portions Copyright (c) 1996-2017, PostgreSQL Global Development Group
Portions Copyright (c) 1994, The Regents of the University of California

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose, without fee, and without a written agreement
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this
paragraph and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING
LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS
DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS
ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATIONS TO
PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

END OF POSTGRESQL LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

eGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the eGenix.com Public License Agreement:

LazyModule.py

EGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT 
Version 1.1.0 
This license agreement is based on the 
Python CNRI License Agreement
, a widely accepted open-
source license. 
1. Introduction 
This "License Agreement" is between eGenix
.com Software, Skills and Services GmbH 
("eGenix.com"), having an office at Pastor-Loeh-Str. 48, D-40764 Langenfeld, Germany, and the 
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing an
d otherwise using this software in source or 
binary form and its associated documentation ("the Software"). 
2. License 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this eGenix.com Public License Agreement, eGenix.com 
hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, 
test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use 
the Software alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that the eGenix.com Public 
License Agreement is retained in the Software, 
or in any derivative version of the Software 
prepared by Licensee. 
3. NO WARRANTY 
eGenix.com is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. SUBJECT TO ANY 
STATUTORY WARRANTIES WHICH CAN NOT BE EXCLUDED, EGENIX.COM MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT 
NOT LIMITATION, EGENIX.COM MAKES NO 
AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNES
S FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT 
THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. 
4. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
EGENIX.COM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE 
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGE
S FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY 
LOSS) AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING 
OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY 
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EX
CLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT 
APPLY TO LICENSEE. 
5. Termination 
This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach of its terms and 
conditions. 
6. 
Third Party Rights 
Any software or documentation in source or bina
ry form provided along with the Software that 
is associated with a separate license agreement 
is licensed to Licensee under the terms of that 
license agreement. This License Agreement does 
not apply to those port
ions of the Software. 
Copies of the third party licenses are included in the Software Distribution. 
7. General 
Nothing in this License Agreement affects any statutory rights of consumers that cannot be 
waived or limited by contract. 
Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency, 
partnership, or joint venture between eGenix.com and Licensee. 
If any provision of this License Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason 
unenforceable, such provision shall be modified to
the extent necessary to render it enforceable 
without losing its intent, or, if no such modifica
tion is possible, be severed from this License 
Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this 
License Agreement. 
This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all respects by the law of 
Germany, excluding conflict of law provisions. It
shall not be governed by the United Nations 
Convention on Contracts for International Sale of Goods. 
This License Agreement does not grant permission to use eGenix.com trademarks or trade 
names in a trademark sense to endorse or promot
e products or services of Licensee, or any 
third party. 
The controlling language of this License Agreement is English. If Licensee has received a 
translation into another language, it has been provided for Licensee's convenience only. 
8. Agreement 
By downloading, copying, installing or otherw
ise using the Software, Licensee agrees to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. 
For question regarding this License Agreement, please write to: 
eGenix.com Software, Skills and Services GmbH 
Pastor-Loeh-Str. 48 
D-40764 Langenfeld 
Germany 

END OF eGENIX.COM PUBLIC LICENSE AGREEMENT
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE BEERWARE LICENSE

Beerware License

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the Beerware License:

helper.c- (Author:Poul-Henning Kamp),  
Legalese (copyright (C) 1991-2012, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding. 
All Rights Reserved)

THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
phk@FreeBSD.ORG wrote this file. 
As long as you retain this notice you can do whatever you want with this 
stuff. If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it, you can 
buy me a beer in return Poul-Henning Kamp

END OF UNIQUE BEERWARE LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE NVIDIA License

NVIDIA License

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the NVIDIA License:

gonvml (Copyright 1993-2016 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.)

Use of NVIDIA's products requires three elements: the SOFTWARE, the 
hardware on a graphics controller board, and a personal computer. 
The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. 
The SOFTWARE is not sold, and instead is only licensed for use, 
strictly in accordance with this document. The hardware is protected 
by various patents, and is sold, but this LICENSE does not cover that 
sale, since it may not necessarily be sold as a package with the SOFTWARE. 
This LICENSE sets forth the terms and conditions of the SOFTWARE LICENSE 
only.

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 Customer. Customer means the entity or individual that downloads the 
SOFTWARE.
2. GRANT OF LICENSE
2.1 Rights and Limitations of Grant. NVIDIA hereby grants Customer the 
following non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the SOFTWARE, 
with the following limitations:
2.1.1 Rights. Customer may install and use one copy of the SOFTWARE on 
a single computer, and except for making one back-up copy of the Software, 
may not otherwise copy the SOFTWARE. This LICENSE of SOFTWARE may not be 
shared or used concurrently on different computers.
2.1.2 Linux/FreeBSD/OpenSolaris Exception. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
terms of Section 2.1.1, SOFTWARE designed exclusively for use on the 
Linux or FreeBSD operating systems, or Open Solaris or other operating 
systems derived from the source code to these operating systems, may be 
copied and redistributed, provided that the binary files thereof are not 
modified.
2.1.3 Limitations.
No Reverse Engineering. Customer may not reverse engineer, decompile, or 
disassemble the SOFTWARE, nor attempt in any other manner to obtain the 
source code.
No Separation of Components. The SOFTWARE is licensed as a single product. 
Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than one computer, 
nor otherwise used separately from the other parts.
No Rental. Customer may not rent or lease the SOFTWARE to someone else.
3. TERMINATION
This LICENSE will automatically terminate if Customer fails to comply with 
any of the terms and conditions hereof. In such event, Customer must destroy 
all copies of the SOFTWARE and all of its component parts.
Defensive Suspension.  If Customer commences or participates in any legal 
proceeding against NVIDIA, then NVIDIA may, in its sole discretion, suspend 
or terminate all license grants and any other rights provided under this 
LICENSE during the pendency of such legal proceedings.
4. COPYRIGHT
All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE (including but not limited 
to all images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and other 
information incorporated into the SOFTWARE), the accompanying printed materials, 
and any copies of the SOFTWARE, are owned by NVIDIA, or its suppliers. 
The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. 
Accordingly, Customer is required to treat the SOFTWARE like any other 
copyrighted material, except as otherwise allowed pursuant to this LICENSE and 
that it may make one copy of the SOFTWARE solely for backup or archive purposes.
5. APPLICABLE LAW
This LICENSE shall be deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed 
pursuant to, the laws of the State of California.  The United Nations Convention 
on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically disclaimed.
6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
6.1 No Warranties. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE 
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND NVIDIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, 
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
6.2 No Liability for Consequential Damages. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF NVIDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY 
OF SUCH DAMAGES.
7. MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of this LICENSE is inconsistent with, or cannot be fully enforced 
under, the law, such provision will be construed as limited to the extent necessary 
to be consistent with and fully enforceable under the law. This LICENSE is the final, 
complete and exclusive agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter 
hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements 
relating to such subject matter, whether oral or written. This LICENSE may only be 
modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of NVIDIA.  Customer agrees that 
it will not ship, transfer or export the SOFTWARE into any country, or use the 
SOFTWARE in any manner, prohibited by the United States Bureau of Industry and 
Security or any export laws, restrictions or regulations. 

END OF UNIQUE NVIDIA LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


END OF UNIQUE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the W3C Software Notice and License:

TEST-WHATWG-URL-TOJSON.JS [NodeJS], ASAttributeDeclaration, 
Attr.java, dom-software, lDOM, META-INF/LICENSE.txt (W3CÃƒâ€  
SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE), W3CÃƒâ€  SOFTWARE, XHTML 1.0 DTD, 
DOM [OpenJDK], W3C


W3CÂ® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE

Copyright Â© 1994-2001 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique 
et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/ 

This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is 
being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By 
obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that 
you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and 
conditions: 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without 
fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the 
following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions 
thereof, including modifications, that you make: 


    1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of
       the redistributed or derivative work.

    2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or
       terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the
       following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should
       be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:
       "Copyright Â© [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium,
       (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de
       Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University).
       All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"

    3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files,
       including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide
       URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, 
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. 

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION. 

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in 
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, 
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any 
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright 
holders. 

END OF W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zope Public License, Version 2.0:

Zope 3 (Pytz) (No copyright found)
zope (Copyright (c) 2006 Zope Foundation and Contributors. All Rights
Reserved.)

Zope Public License (ZPL) Version 2.0
-----------------------------------------------

This software is Copyright (c) Zope Corporation (tm) and
Contributors. All rights reserved.

This license has been certified as open source. It has also
been designated as GPL compatible by the Free Software
Foundation (FSF).

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in source code must retain the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
   copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
   provided with the distribution.

3. The name Zope Corporation (tm) must not be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without prior written permission from Zope Corporation.

4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for
   any purpose does not give you the right to use Servicemarks
   (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of Zope Corporation. Use of them is
   covered in a separate agreement (see
   http://www.zope.com/Marks).

5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified
   files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed
   the files and the date of any change.

Disclaimer

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ZOPE CORPORATION ``AS IS''
  AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
  NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
  AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN
  NO EVENT SHALL ZOPE CORPORATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
  EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
  OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
  SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
  DAMAGE.

This software consists of contributions made by Zope
Corporation and many individuals on behalf of Zope
Corporation.  Specific attributions are listed in the
accompanying credits file.

END OF ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZLib/ligpng

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zlib/libpng License:

Zlib 1.2.11-r1  

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied 
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages 
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, 
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software 
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be 
appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must 
not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

END OF ZLIB/LIBPNG SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION 
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF NOTICE FILE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++



L/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA
D/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA
P/N:  L-WWIS-BPTLQA
