NOTICES AND INFORMATION




The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed
above ("the Program").

Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee
may have with IBM or any of its related or affiliated entities
(collectively "IBM"), the third party code identified below is subject
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.
The notices are provided for informational purposes.

Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.

IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in this
NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of IBM and
IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any third party
website referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM disclaims any
and all liability for errors and omissions or for any damages accruing
from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, including without
limitation URLs or references to any third party websites.

ï»¿NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR IBM API CONNECT

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING SECTIONS: 

ACADEMIC FREE LICENSE V3
APACHE V1.1              
APACHE V2                
ARTISTIC V1               
ARTISTIC V2              
BOOST                    
BSD
BSD + GOOGLE PATENTS FILE                       
BSD-EQUIVALENT
CDDL V1                   
CPL                       
EPL
FREETYPE
INDEPENDENT JPEG
ISC                       
JDOM
JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE                     
LGPL V2
LGPL V2.1
LGPL V3
MIT                       
MIT-EQUIVALENT
MPL V1.0
MPL V1.1                  
MPL V2.0    
MSPL (MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE) 
NPL V1.1 (NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE)
OTHER LICENSE            
PHP                      
PYTHON             
REGEX HENRY SPENCER        
RUBY PRE-RELEASE 1.9.3    
RUBY WITH SLC DISCLAIMER  
RUBY WITHOUT SLC DISCLAIMER 
UNICODE
UNIQUE 
W3C  
ZLIB                    
ZOPE

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
ACADEMIC FREE LICENSE V3

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the ACADEMIC FREE LICENSE V3:

json-schema

This Academic Free License (the "License") applies to any original work of authorship (the "Original Work") whose owner (the "Licensor") has placed the following licensing notice adjacent to the copyright notice for the Original Work:

Licensed under the Academic Free License version 3.0

1) Grant of Copyright License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable license, for the duration of the copyright, to do the following:

a) to reproduce the Original Work in copies, either alone or as part of a collective work;

b) to translate, adapt, alter, transform, modify, or arrange the Original Work, thereby creating derivative works ("Derivative Works") based upon the Original Work;

c) to distribute or communicate copies of the Original Work and Derivative Works to the public, under any license of your choice that does not contradict the terms and conditions, including Licensor's reserved rights and remedies, in this Academic Free License;

d) to perform the Original Work publicly; and

e) to display the Original Work publicly.

2) Grant of Patent License. Licensor grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable license, under patent claims owned or controlled by the Licensor that are embodied in the Original Work as furnished by the Licensor, for the duration of the patents, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and import the Original Work and Derivative Works.

3) Grant of Source Code License. The term "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Original Work for making modifications to it and all available documentation describing how to modify the Original Work. Licensor agrees to provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Original Work along with each copy of the Original Work that Licensor distributes. Licensor reserves the right to satisfy this obligation by placing a machine-readable copy of the Source Code in an information repository reasonably calculated to permit inexpensive and convenient access by You for as long as Licensor continues to distribute the Original Work.

4) Exclusions From License Grant. Neither the names of Licensor, nor the names of any contributors to the Original Work, nor any of their trademarks or service marks, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this Original Work without express prior permission of the Licensor. Except as expressly stated herein, nothing in this License grants any license to Licensor's trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property. No patent license is granted to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, or import embodiments of any patent claims other than the licensed claims defined in Section 2. No license is granted to the trademarks of Licensor even if such marks are included in the Original Work. Nothing in this License shall be interpreted to prohibit Licensor from licensing under terms different from this License any Original Work that Licensor otherwise would have a right to license.

5) External Deployment. The term "External Deployment" means the use, distribution, or communication of the Original Work or Derivative Works in any way such that the Original Work or Derivative Works may be used by anyone other than You, whether those works are distributed or communicated to those persons or made available as an application intended for use over a network. As an express condition for the grants of license hereunder, You must treat any External Deployment by You of the Original Work or a Derivative Work as a distribution under section 1(c).

6) Attribution Rights. You must retain, in the Source Code of any Derivative Works that You create, all copyright, patent, or trademark notices from the Source Code of the Original Work, as well as any notices of licensing and any descriptive text identified therein as an "Attribution Notice." You must cause the Source Code for any Derivative Works that You create to carry a prominent Attribution Notice reasonably calculated to inform recipients that You have modified the Original Work.

7) Warranty of Provenance and Disclaimer of Warranty. Licensor warrants that the copyright in and to the Original Work and the patent rights granted herein by Licensor are owned by the Licensor or are sublicensed to You under the terms of this License with the permission of the contributor(s) of those copyrights and patent rights. Except as expressly stated in the immediately preceding sentence, the Original Work is provided under this License on an "AS IS" BASIS and WITHOUT WARRANTY, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY OF THE ORIGINAL WORK IS WITH YOU. This DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY constitutes an essential part of this License. No license to the Original Work is granted by this License except under this disclaimer.

8) Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall the Licensor be liable to anyone for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this License or the use of the Original Work including, without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses. This limitation of liability shall not apply to the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation.

9) Acceptance and Termination. If, at any time, You expressly assented to this License, that assent indicates your clear and irrevocable acceptance of this License and all of its terms and conditions. If You distribute or communicate copies of the Original Work or a Derivative Work, You must make a reasonable effort under the circumstances to obtain the express assent of recipients to the terms of this License. This License conditions your rights to undertake the activities listed in Section 1, including your right to create Derivative Works based upon the Original Work, and doing so without honoring these terms and conditions is prohibited by copyright law and international treaty. Nothing in this License is intended to affect copyright exceptions and limitations (including "fair use" or "fair dealing"). This License shall terminate immediately and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this License upon your failure to honor the conditions in Section 1(c).

10) Termination for Patent Action. This License shall terminate automatically and You may no longer exercise any of the rights granted to You by this License as of the date You commence an action, including a cross-claim or counterclaim, against Licensor or any licensee alleging that the Original Work infringes a patent. This termination provision shall not apply for an action alleging patent infringement by combinations of the Original Work with other software or hardware.

11) Jurisdiction, Venue and Governing Law. Any action or suit relating to this License may be brought only in the courts of a jurisdiction wherein the Licensor resides or in which Licensor conducts its primary business, and under the laws of that jurisdiction excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any use of the Original Work outside the scope of this License or after its termination shall be subject to the requirements and penalties of copyright or patent law in the appropriate jurisdiction. This section shall survive the termination of this License.

12) Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce the terms of this License or seeking damages relating thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, including any appeal of such action. This section shall survive the termination of this License.

13) Miscellaneous. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.

14) Definition of "You" in This License. "You" throughout this License, whether in upper or lower case, means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with you. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

15) Right to Use. You may use the Original Work in all ways not otherwise restricted or conditioned by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not to interfere with or be responsible for such uses by You.

16) Modification of This License. This License is Copyright Â© 2005 Lawrence Rosen. Permission is granted to copy, distribute, or communicate this License without modification. Nothing in this License permits You to modify this License as applied to the Original Work or to Derivative Works. However, You may modify the text of this License and copy, distribute or communicate your modified version (the "Modified License") and apply it to other original works of authorship subject to the following conditions: (i) You may not indicate in any way that your Modified License is the "Academic Free License" or "AFL" and you may not use those names in the name of your Modified License; (ii) You must replace the notice specified in the first paragraph above with the notice "Licensed under <insert your license name here>" or with a notice of your own that is not confusingly similar to the notice in this License; and (iii) You may not claim that your original works are open source software unless your Modified License has been approved by Open Source Initiative (OSI) and You comply with its license review and certification process.

END OF ACADEMIC FREE LICENSE, VERSION 3 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

APACHE SOFTWARE LICENSE 1.1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Apache License Version 1.1:

bcel-xerces, BSF and Ant, fastinfoset, VerifierFactory.java, Xerces-J,
commons-cli,oro,xml-apis, org.apache.tools.ant.ExitException

This product includes software developed by the Apache Software 
Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).

The Apache Software License, Version 1.1
Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.
 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:
 
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the
Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must 
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For written
permission, please contact apache@apache.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
permission of the Apache Software Foundation.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
=================================================================

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals on behalf of the Apache Software Foundation.  For more
information on the Apache Software Foundation, please see
<http://www.apache.org/>.

Portions of this software are based upon public domain software
originally written at the National Center for Supercomputing 
Applications, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.

END OF APACHE SOFTWARE LICENSE 1.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

APACHE LICENSE 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Apache License Version 2.0:

adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-async-logger,
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-aws,
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-cachemanager,
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-request-tracking,
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-zmq-adaptor,
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-zmq-logger, afero, aliunga, amqp-client,
Android, Ansible(bootstrap-dropdown.js v1.4.0),
Ansible(galaxy), ansilib, Apache serializer, Apache ServiceMix,
appengine, AppMetrics, AWS SDK, aws-sdk-go, awscli (python),
azure-sdk-for-go, Bootstrap, Bootstrap 2.3.2, Bootstrap 3.0.2, Bootstrap
v3.0.2, botocore (python), botocore/vendored/requests/__init__.py,
botocore/vendored/requests/api.py, btoa, btree, bytebuffer 5.0.1,
c-client, carbon-components, client-go, clockwork, Cloudant,
cloudant-follow (node), cmd, godoc, cni, cobra, CoreOS-pkg, curator,
distro, docker-dist, docker-io, docker-py, Dojo-OpenAjax, doxia-core,
dynalink, e2fsprogs-1.43.4(bootstrap-dropdown.js v1.4.0), ec,
elasticsearch, elasticsearch v13.0.1, engine-api, etcd, Filter.java,
flannel, flocker-go, gengo, heapster, kube-openapi, govmomi, genproto,
glog, glog, groupcache, glusterfs-3.5.2(ipaddr-py), Go, go-autorest,
go-connections, go-units, go-digest, go-http-auth, go-ini, go-jmespath,
go-kmsg-parser, go-oidc, go-semver, go-systemd, go-openapi/spec,
go-systemd, go-yaml, godbc, golang_protobuf_extensions, coredns, go-zfs,
fileutils, gziphandler, image-spec, runc, runtime-spec, selinux,
client_golang, client_model, godebug, gofuzz, gojsonpointer,
gojsonreference, gojsonschema, golang client, golang-appengine,
golang_protobuf_extensions, googlemock-scripts_generator, goscaleio,
groupcache, grpc, grpc 1.7.2, Guice, hack, heketi-client, Helm,
HttpComponents Httpclient, HttpComponents HttpCore, imapd,
ingress-nginx, ini, intemp, ip-tables, jackson-databind,
jackson-dataformat-cbor, Jackson-Dataformat-smile,
Jackson-Dataformat-yaml, jackson-module-afterburner, Jing, jnr-ffi,
json-pointer, jsonreference, k8s.io/api, Kibana, kubeapi-load-balancer,
kubernetes, Kubernetes k8s.io, kubernetes-cassandra, leiningen.clj,
less, libnetwork, libtrust, Log4j, log4j-over-slf4j 1.7.25, logstash,
logstash-filter-geoip, logstash-input-ganglia, Lucene, marko, martian
software, mathjs (Node), Maven, ruby-maven-libs, Maven Embedder, maven-assembly-plugin,
Maven-Wagon, Mesos, metrics, mock, btree, cadvisor,
certificate-transparency, gofuzz, gnostic, analysis, errors,
jsonpointer, jsonreference, loads, runtime, spec, strfmt, swag,
Mousetrap, NekoDTD, netlink, netns, Netty, netty-buffer, netty-resolver,
netty-transport, nistp, nistz, omr-agentcore, OpenAjax.js, osdep,
packaging, perl-list-moreutils, pkg, procfs, gophercloud, go-rancher,
afero, cobra, go-jose, netlink, netns, photon-controller-go-sdk,
go-cloudstack, cloudstack, go4.org, genproto, react-tether-0.5.7 -
spdx-correct-1.0.2, react-tether-0.5.7 - spdx-correct-1.2.2,
react-tether-0.5.7 - validate-npm-package-license, react-toggle-3.0.1 -
typechecks, redigo, request, request 2.83.0, Requests API,
rjs-repack-loader v1.0.6, rkt, docker, RSA, rx-lite-aggregates v4.0.8,
s3transfer, semver-utils, shell2junit, SLF4J, smartystreets,
SocketUtilsIPV6.java, spdx-correct, spec, swag, swagger-client 3.4.0,
swagger-ui, symlink, test/e2e/framework/framework.go, unknown-apache-v2,
validate, gophercloud, go-grpc-prometheus, hawkular-client-go,
mousetrap, go-jmespath, clockwork, openstorage,
validate-npm-package-license, Validate-npm-package-license (node),
vendor/github.com/Azure/go-autorest/LICENSE,
vendor/github.com/docker/distribution/README.md,
vendor/github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer/README.md,
vendor/github.com/googleapis/gnostic/README.md,
vendor/github.com/gophercloud/gophercloud/LICENSE,
vendor/github.com/opencontainers/go-digest/algorithm.go,
vendor/github.com/paultag/sniff/LICENSE,
vendor/github.com/prometheus/common/model/alert.go,
vendor/google.golang.org/appengine/appengine.go,
vendor/gopkg.in/yaml.v2/README.md, yaml.v2,
ant-1.9.4.jar, ant-junit-1.9.4.jar, apache-cassandra, Atomic (Ruby Gem),
bson, btree, Cassandra-driver, Commons-CLI, containerd-0.2.5, cqlshlib,
distro (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1), drools.drl, ec, glog, gofuzz,
googleapis, groupcache, haproxy-ingress, jackson-annotations,
Jackson-Core, jackson-databind, jackson-module-afterburner, jsonpointer,
jsonreference, k8s.io/api, k8s.io/apimachinery, k8s.io/apiserver,
k8s.io/client-go, k8s.io/kube-openapi, k8s.io/kubernetes, kafka-clients,
log4j-slf4j-impl, logstash-filter-geoip, logstash-input-ganglia, LZ4,
material-design-icons-iconfont-3.0.3/package/dist/license,
mattproud/golang_protobuf_extensions, mongodb-core, nistp, nistz,
packaging-about.py (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1), priority.java,
prometheus client_golang, prometheus common, prometheus procfs,
regexes.yaml,require_optional, slf4j-log4j12, spec, swag,
@angularclass/conventions-loader,@angularclass/hmr,@angularclass/hmr-loa
der,@elastic/datemath,@elastic/eslint-config-kibana,@spalger/test-subj-s
elector,addressable,aiohttp,airline,ant-contrib,ant-launcher,Apache
Wink,archaius-core,arr-pm,Artifact,ascli,asm,asm-commons,asm-tree,async_
timeout,atomic,awscli,aws-sdk,aws-sdk-core,aws-sdk-resources,aws-sdk-v1,
aws-sign2,browser-request,bson,btoa,Bundle Tool
Aqute,bytebuffer,cabin,caffeine,carbon-components,carbon-components-reac
t,carbon-icons,caseless,cassandra-driver,cassandra-driver-core,cdi-api,C
GLib,cloudant,cloudant-follow,cloudant-nano,cmux,code-generator,commons-
beanutils,commons-cli,commons-codec,Commons-Collections,Commons-Configur
ation,commons-digester,Commons-HttpClient,commons-io,commons-lang,common
s-lang3,commons-logging,commons-math3,commons-validator,compiler,compres
s-lzf,concurrentlinkedhashmap-lru,concurrent-trees,containerd,convention
s-loader,detect-libc,diff-match-patch,disposables,disruptor,docker,docke
r.io,Docker-Containerd,docker-io,docker-py,docker-pycreds,Docker-runc,do
ctrine,doxia-sink-api,ecdsa-sig-formatter,ejs,elasticsearch,elasticsearc
h-api,elasticsearch-browser,elasticsearch-curator,elasticsearch-transpor
t,eslint-visitor-keys,Eureka,file-dependencies,file-dependendencies,file
-management,forever-agent,FreeMarker,g11n-pipeline,gelfd,geoip2,googleap
is,google-auth-library,goutils,Gradle
Wrapper,gradle-fpm-plugin,gradle-git,groovy,grpc,gson-gson,guava,guice,H
ibernate Validator (JSR
303),hmr,hmr-loader,hppc,httpasyncclient,httpclient,httpcore-nio,httpmim
e,insist,invokebinder,Jackson,jackson-annotations,jackson-core,Jackson-c
ore-asl,jackson-databind,jackson-dataformat-cbor,Jackson-Mapper-ASL,jack
son-module-afterburner,Jakarta-Regexp,jamm,javax.inject,javax.inject-1,j
avax.servlet,javax-inject,jctools-core,Jettison,jffi,jls-lumberjack,jmes
path,jna,jna-platform,jnr-constants,jnr-enxio,jnr-netdb,jnr-unixsocket,j
oda-time,jrjackson,jrmonitor,jruby-stdin-channel,js2xmlparser,jsdoc,json
-simple,jstackjunit,jwk-to-pem,kafka-clients,Karyon,kube-openapi,Kuberne
tes-api,kubernetes-client-go,kubernetes-gengo,less,libc-client2007e,libt
hrift,log4j,log4j-api,log4j-core,log4j-over-slf4j,log4js,log4j-slf4j-imp
l,logstash,logstash-codec-cef,logstash-codec-collectd,logstash-codec-dot
s,logstash-codec-edn,logstash-codec-edn_lines,logstash-codec-es_bulk,log
stash-codec-fluent,logstash-codec-graphite,logstash-codec-json,logstash-
codec-json_lines,logstash-codec-line,logstash-codec-msgpack,logstash-cod
ec-multiline,logstash-codec-netflow,logstash-codec-plain,logstash-codec-
rubydebug,logstash-filter-cidr,logstash-filter-clone,logstash-filter-csv
,logstash-filter-date,logstash-filter-dissect,logstash-filter-dns,logsta
sh-filter-drop,logstash-filter-fingerprint,logstash-filter-geoip,logstas
h-filter-grok,logstash-filter-json,logstash-filter-kv,logstash-filter-me
trics,logstash-filter-mutate,logstash-filter-ruby,logstash-filter-sleep,
logstash-filter-split,logstash-filter-syslog_pri,logstash-filter-throttl
e,logstash-filter-translate,logstash-filter-urldecode,logstash-filter-us
eragent,logstash-filter-uuid,logstash-filter-xml,logstash-input-beats,lo
gstash-input-couchdb_changes,logstash-input-dead_letter_queue,logstash-i
nput-elasticsearch,logstash-input-exec,logstash-input-file,logstash-inpu
t-gelf,logstash-input-generator,logstash-input-graphite,logstash-input-h
eartbeat,logstash-input-http,logstash-input-http_poller,logstash-input-i
map,logstash-input-irc,logstash-input-jdbc,logstash-input-kafka,logstash
-input-log4j,logstash-input-lumberjack,logstash-input-pipe,logstash-inpu
t-rabbitmq,logstash-input-redis,logstash-input-s3,logstash-input-snmptra
p,logstash-input-sqs,logstash-input-stdin,logstash-input-syslog,logstash
-input-tcp,logstash-input-twitter,logstash-input-udp,logstash-input-unix
,logstash-input-xmpp,logstash-mixin-aws,logstash-mixin-http_client,logst
ash-mixin-rabbitmq_connection,logstash-output-cloudwatch,logstash-output
-csv,logstash-output-elasticsearch,logstash-output-file,logstash-output-
graphite,logstash-output-http,logstash-output-irc,logstash-output-kafka,
logstash-output-mtlumberjack,logstash-output-nagios,logstash-output-null
,logstash-output-pagerduty,logstash-output-pipe,logstash-output-rabbitmq
,logstash-output-redis,logstash-output-s3,logstash-output-sns,logstash-o
utput-sqs,logstash-output-statsd,logstash-output-stdout,logstash-output-
tcp,logstash-output-udp,logstash-output-webhdfs,logstash-output-xmpp,log
stash-patterns-core,long,lucene-core,lz4,mathjs,Maven Site Plugin,Maven
SurefirePlugin,maven-antrun-plugin,maven-assembly-plugin,maven-clean-plugin,mave
n-compiler-plugin,maven-dependency-analyzer,maven-dependency-plugin,mave
n-dependency-tree,maven-deploy-plugin,maven-doxia-tools,maven-install-pl
ugin,maven-invoker,maven-jar-plugin,maven-reporting-api,maven-reporting-
impl,maven-resources-plugin,maven-shared-io,maxminddb,metrics-core,metri
cs-jvm,metrics-logback,mongodb,mongodb-core,msgpack,msgpack-jruby,multid
ict,nailgun,nekohtml,netflix
Governator,Netflix-commons-util,Netflix-statistics,netty-all,netty-codec
,netty-common,netty-handler,netty-tcnative-boringssl-static,Not-yet-comm
ons-ssl,oauth-sign,ohc-core,ohc-core-j8,OpenWS,options,paquet,php-webdri
ver,pleaserun,plexus-archiver,plexus-cipher,plexus-classworlds,plexus-co
mponent-annotations,plexus-i18n,plexus-interpolation,plexus-io,plexus-se
c-dispatcher,plexus-utils,plexus-velocity,prom-client,protobufjs,Pytheas
,reduce-component,reflect-metadata,reporter-config3,reporter-config-base
,request,requests,require_optional,revalidator,Ribbon,rison-node,rjs-rep
ack-loader,runc,rx,Rxjava,rx-lite,rx-lite-aggregates,s3transfer,securesm
,sequence,serializer,servo-core,sigar,simple-oauth2,snakeyaml,snappy-jar
s,snappy-java,spatial4j,spdx-correct,spinner,spoon,ssl-root-cas,Stax-api
,stream,strong-swagger-ui,stud,swagger-client,swagger-ui,t-digest,TestNG
,thread_safe,thrift-server,Tomcat,tslib,tunnel-agent,unleash-client,unle
ash-frontend,unleash-server,ursa,validate-npm-package-license,Validation
-api,velocity,wagon-provider-api,weak-map,webhdfs,x2js,xalan,XBean
bundleutils,XBean
Finder,xml-apis,xmlcreate,xmlsec,XML-Tooling,yarl,zosconnect-node,
lxd,lxd-client,cloud-init,grub-legacy-ec2,python3-cryptography,python3-r
equests,python-cryptography,rsyslog,perl-list-moreutils,lxcfs,
(Ruby Gem) logstash-core, _about_.py, annotations.go, annotations.photo,
appengine.go, bootstrap-dropdown.js, client.go, collector.go,
conftest.py, docker-ce, docker-distribution, Docker: the container
engine, g11n-pipeline-2.0.6, HttpCore, node-rsjmin, pigz-zopffi,
pointer.go, README.md, shlex.go, spdystream, Transport-netty4-client,
appengine,appmetrics-zipkin,btree,cmdns,fast-diff,gnostic,go-autorest,go
-connections,go-unit,groupcache,jibber_jabber,mongodb,mongodb-core,nsp,p
rometheus-common,puppeteer,qrcode-terminal,reflect2,require_optional,zip
kin,zipkin-context-cls,zipkin-transport-http,
@elastic/test-subj-selector 0.2.1, addlicense: dep 0.5.0, appengine
1.1.0, atob, audience-annotations, aws-sdk, aws-sdk-core, aws-sdk-go,
aws-sdk-resources, aws-sigv4-1.0.2, bson, bson 0.4.23, calico-cni,
carbon-components-react, Cassandra, cassandra-driver, concurrent 1.0.1,
denque 1.3.0, docker 2.5.1, docker-compose 1.16.1, docker-utils,
dockerpty 0.4.1, ecdsa-sig-formatter, ejs, error_prone_annotations,
errorprone, expfmt, g11n-pipeline, go-ini, go-jmespath, go-yaml: dep
0.5.0, golang/glog, golang/golog, golang/groupcache, google-java-format,
google.golang.org/genproto, google.golang.org/grpc, google/cadvisor,
google/gofuzz, gradle-wrapper, gziphandler, inconshreveable/mousetrap,
ini 5cf292c, j2objc-annotations, jaeger-client-cpp, Jetty-http,
Jetty-io, jmespath, jmespath/go-jmespath, jrjackson, JSR305, k8s.io/api,
k8s.io/apiextensions-apiserver, k8s.io/code-generator, Kafka,
Kafka_2.11, kubectl, kubernetes-apimachinery, log4j-1.2.16, log4js,
logstash-codec-cef (Ruby Gem), logstash-codec-fluent,
logstash-codec-json_lines, logstash-codec-line, logstash-codec-msgpack,
logstash-codec-multiline, logstash-codec-netflow, logstash-codec-plain,
logstash-filter-aggregate, logstash-filter-anonymize,
logstash-filter-cidr (Ruby Gem), logstash-filter-csv,
logstash-filter-de_dot, logstash-filter-dissect-1.1.4,
logstash-filter-dns, logstash-filter-elasticsearch,
logstash-filter-geoip (Ruby Gem), logstash-filter-grok,
logstash-filter-jdbc_static, logstash-filter-jdbc_streaming,
logstash-filter-kv, logstash-filter-mutate, logstash-filter-ruby,
logstash-filter-split, logstash-filter-translate,
logstash-filter-truncate, logstash-input-couchdb_changes,
logstash-input-dead_letter_queue, logstash-input-elasticsearch,
logstash-input-exec, logstash-input-file, logstash-input-gelf,
logstash-input-generator, logstash-input-graphite,
logstash-input-heartbeat, logstash-input-http,
logstash-input-http_poller, logstash-input-imap, logstash-input-irc,
logstash-input-jdbc, logstash-input-kafka, logstash-input-log4j,
logstash-input-lumberjack, logstash-input-pipe, logstash-input-rabbitmq,
logstash-input-redis, logstash-input-s3, logstash-input-snmptrap,
logstash-input-sqs, logstash-input-stdin, logstash-input-syslog,
logstash-input-twitter, logstash-input-udp, logstash-input-unix,
logstash-input-xmpp, logstash-mixin-aws, logstash-mixin-http_client,
logstash-output-cloudwatch, logstash-output-csv,
logstash-output-elasticsearch, logstash-output-email,
logstash-output-file, logstash-output-graphite, logstash-output-http,
logstash-output-irc, logstash-output-kafka, logstash-output-lumberjack,
logstash-output-nagios, logstash-output-null, logstash-output-pagerduty,
logstash-output-pipe, logstash-output-rabbitmq, logstash-output-redis,
logstash-output-s3, logstash-output-sns, logstash-output-sqs,
logstash-output-statsd, logstash-output-stdout,
logstash-output-syslog-3.0.5, logstash-output-tcp, logstash-output-udp,
logstash-output-webhdfs, logstash-output-xmpp, material-design-lite
v1.2.1: unleash-frontend 3.1.1, mattproud/golang_protobuf_extensions,
maven-artifact, Maven2 Start Up Batch script, metrics-server, model,
ModSecurity-nginx, mojo-parent, mongodb, mongodb-core, msgpack-1.2.4,
nginx-opentracing, oauth-sign, ohc, org/osgi, owasp-modsecurity-crs,
procfs, prom-client, prometheus, puppeteer, reflect2 1.0.1, request,
request 2.88.0, rx-lite, rxjs, Scala-logging, spec, spf13/cobra,
swagger, swagger-client, tslib, tslib 1.9.3, typescript,
unleash-frontend, unleash-server, validate-npm-package-license, x2js.js,
xfs, xmlcreate, yaml.v2 9ff6af2, zipkin-cpp-opentracing, zkperl,
Zookeeper, zosconnect-node 1.0.4,
Apache Maven Doxia, apiextensions-apiserver, apimachinery, AWS Java SDK,
cmux, cobra 0.0.3, Commons Logging, concurrent, coreos, Dockerfile,
domain_name.rb, Go gRPC Middleware, go-openapi, go-openapi-jsonpointer
0.17.2, godoc/short, godoc/dl, cmd/tip, gziphandler, jsonreference,
k8s.io, k8s.io, matttproud, long.js, Maven Reporting API,
nailgun-server, packaging, Prometheus, python-elasticsearch, reflect2,
runtime, spf13-afero, Strfmt, swagger, thread_safe (Ruby Gem),
typescript, ulikunitz-xz, yaml, api, client-go, go-ini-ini, go-openapi-jsonpointer, 
go-yaml-yaml, spf13-cobra, utils, xeipuuv-gojsonschema, aws/aws-sdk-go, go-jmespath, 
google/btree, gosuri/cmdns, cockroachdb/cmux, prometheus/common, config, expfmt, log, model,
promlog, xeipuuv/gojsonpointer, xeipuuv/gojsonreference, coreos/go-systemd,
dbus, activation, daemon, logic1, journal, cloudfoundry/jibber_jabber, gengo,
gengo, jsonreference, swag, go-jmespath, doxia-site-renderer,
maven-aether-provider, maven-builder-support, maven-compat, maven-model-builder,
maven-plugin-api, maven-settings-builder, wagon-file, wagon-http,
wagon-http-shared, maven-artifact-manager, maven-error-diagnostics,
maven-monitor, maven-plugin-api, maven-plugin-descriptor,
maven-plugin-parameter-documenter, maven-plugin-registry, maven-profile,
maven-project, maven-common-artifact-filters, maven-site-plugin,
maven-surefire-plugin, cluster-key-slot, 
DOCKER LICENSE [go-dockerclient], LOGSTASH-FILTER-JDBC_STREAMING-1.0.5,
SNMP4J, COMMON-UTILS, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-GRAPHITE-3.1.6, JRJACKSON,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-TCP-5.2.0-JAVA, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP_POLLER,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-FILE, TUNNEL-AGENT, TERM-ANSICOLOR 1.7.1,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-NULL, LOGSTASH-CODEC-NETFLOW-4.2.1,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-CIDR, AWS-SDK-CORE-2.11.177,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-ELASTICSEARCH-3.6.0, BETTER-AJV-ERRORS (NODE),
LOGSTASH-FILTER-DISSECT-1.2.0, LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API 2.1.12-JAVA, RC,
RX-LITE-4.0.8, ATOMIC, AWS-JAVA-SDK, ELASTICSEARCH-TRANSPORT,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-DISSECT, LOGSTASH-INPUT-TCP 5.2.0-JAVA,
GSON-GSON-PARENT-2.7 [gson], LOGSTASH-CODEC-FLUENT,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-CLONE-3.0.6, LOGSTASH-INPUT-S3-3.4.1, LOGSTASH-CORE
6.5.4-JAVA, CABIN, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SNMP-1.0.1,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTICSEARCH 10.0.1-JAVA,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTICSEARCH, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-PIPE, LONG,
ECDSA-SIG-FORMATTER, LOGSPOUT-LOGSTASH, UNLEASH-FRONTEND, ENVOY
[opentracing-cpp], LOGSTASH-INPUT-IRC, FOREVER-AGENT,
LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API 2.1.28-JAVA, MULTIDICT 4.4.0,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-FINGERPRINT, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTICSEARCH 9.2.4-JAVA,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-RUBY, LOGSTASH-FILTER-DATE, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-KAFKA,
LOGSTASH-MIXIN-AWS, LOGSTASH-MIXIN-RABBITMQ_CONNECTION-6.0.0-JAVA,
AWS-SIGV4, LOGSTASH-FILTER-KV, AIOHTTP 3.4.4, ATOMIC-1.0.0,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-XMPP, DOCKER_COMPOSE 1.16.1,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-AZURE_EVENT_HUBS-1.0.4, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SQS-3.1.2,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-METRICS, JACKSON-JAXRS-BASE, GNOSTIC-3.0.JSON, STUD,
GLOBAL REFLECT, PROMISE [Yarn (Node)], LOGSTASH-INPUT-EXEC-3.3.2, DOXIA,
GO-UNITS, LOGSTASH-INPUT-RABBITMQ, GRADLE-LICENSE-REPORT,
LOGSTASH-DEVUTILS-1.3.5-JAVA, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-IRC,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-SQS-5.1.2, SNAPPYJAVA, ADDRESSABLE,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-STDOUT, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SNMPTRAP, LOGSTASH-INPUT-TCP,
LOG4J-1.2-API, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-PAGERDUTY-3.0.8, LOGSTASH-FILTER-MUTATE,
JRJACKSON 0.4.6-JAVA, LOGSTASH-FILTER-JSON, CLOUDANT, INSIST, JANSI,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-AZURE_EVENT_HUBS-1.1.0,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTICSEARCH-9.2.4-JAVA, LOGSTASH-CODEC-PLAIN,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-MUTATE-3.3.4, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SYSLOG, INSIST-1.0.0,
AWS-SIGV4-1.1.0, NEW REGEXP [Yarn (Node)], LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON-3.0.5,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-UDP, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP 3.3.0-JAVA, RST2PDF.PY [bzr
(Python)], BELZEBUTH-0.2.3, DOCKER_PYCREDS, LOGSTASH-INPUT-LUMBERJACK,
SPDX-CORRECT-3.1.0, ELASTICSEARCH5 5.5.3, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-SQS-6.0.0,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-LINE, MSGPACK (RUBY GEM), LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-PAGERDUTY,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-MULTILINE-2.0.5, JOLOKIA-JVM,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-BEATS-5.1.6-JAVA, LOG4JS-4.0.2, LOGSTASH-CODEC-CEF,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-XML, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SQS, CABIN 0.6.0,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-REDIS, LOGSTASH-FILTER-SPLIT-3.1.7, LOGSTASH-INPUT-UNIX,
ASCIIDOC, LOGSTASH-CODEC-MULTILINE, QRCODE-TERMINAL, MAVEN-MODEL,
PROTON-J, WEBHDFS, NPM, LOGSTASH-INPUT-XMPP, AWS-SDK-3.0.1,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-MUTATE-3.4.0, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-RABBITMQ,
OPENAPI-3.0.JSON, DOCKERPTY 0.4.1, YARL 1.3.0, OPENAJAX.JS [MySQL],
LOGSTASH-INPUT-PIPE, RAINBOW.JS [angular-ui-bootstrapÂ ],
LOGSTASH-CODEC-LINE-2.1.0, APACHE CASSANDRA, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-TCP-6.0.0,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-RUBYDEBUG-3.0.6, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-TCP,
CONFLUENT_DOCKER_UTILS 0.0.20, LOGSTASH-CODEC-PLAIN-3.0.6,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-GELF, LOGSTASH-INPUT-BEATS 6.0.0-JAVA, UUID-JS-0.7.5,
LOGSTASH-CORE, LOGSTASH-PATTERNS-CORE, LOGSTASH-INPUT-FILE-4.1.9,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-STATSD, DERBYCLIENT, LOGSTASH-INPUT-FILE-4.1.8,
AWS-SIGN2, JACKSON-MODULE-JAXB-ANNOTATIONS, ELASTICSEARCH,
LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-SQS, OAUTH-SIGN,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-ELASTICSEARCH-4.3.0, LOGSTASH-CORE 6.6.2-JAVA,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-UDP, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-HTTP, LOGSTASH-INPUT-JDBC,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-MULTILINE-3.0.10, LOGSTASH-INPUT-UDP-3.3.4,
LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API 2.1.1-JAVA, LOGSTASH-FILTER-USERAGENT,
SWAGGER-UI-3.21.0, LOGSTASH-CODEC-ES_BULK,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-HEARTBEAT-3.0.7, MSGPACK, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP 3.2.2-JAVA,
JRUBY_STDIN_CHANNEL, LOGSTASH-FILTER-AGGREGATE-2.9.0, MONGODB-CORE,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON_LINES-3.0.6, LOGSTASH-INPUT-KAFKA-8.2.1,
LOGSTASH-PATTERNS-CORE-4.1.2, REQUESTS,
LOGSTASH-MIXIN-HTTP_CLIENT-6.0.0, DOXIA-DECORATION-MODEL,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-MULTILINE-3.0.0, SWAGGER-CLIENT,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-JDBC_STATIC-1.0.6, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-KAFKA-7.2.1,
TERM-ANSICOLOR, LOGSTASH-MIXIN-RABBITMQ_CONNECTION,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-DNS-3.0.11, LOGSTASH-FILTER-DNS-3.0.12,
CASSANDRA-DRIVER, LOGSTASH-INPUT-BEATS 5.1.6-JAVA,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP_POLLER-5.0.1, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-CSV,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-CLOUDWATCH, COMMON-DOCKER, SNAPPY-JARS,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-JSON-3.0.6, LOGSTASH-DEVUTILS 1.3.6-JAVA,
JRUBY-STDIN-CHANNEL, SNAPPY-JARS 1.1.0-JAVA, LOGSTASH-INPUT-TWITTER,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-CLONE, LOGSTASH-INPUT-IMAP, ASYNC_TIMEOUT 3.0.1,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTIC_APP_SEARCH-1.0.0.BETA1,
AWS-SDK-RESOURCES-2.11.177, LOGSTASH-FILTER-XML-4.0.7,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON_LINES, LOGSTASH-FILTER-GROK,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-KAFKA-8.3.1, LOGSTASH-FILTER-METRICS-4.0.6, AWS-SDK-V1,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-DE_DOT-1.0.4, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-HTTP-5.2.3,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-GELF-3.2.0, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HEARTBEAT,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-HTTP-5.2.4, UNLEASH-SERVER, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-GRAPHITE,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-RABBITMQ-5.1.1-JAVA, ELASTICSEARCH_CURATOR 5.4.1,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-GROK-4.0.4, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-KAFKA-7.3.1,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-WEBHDFS, COMMONS-COLLECTIONS4, SPOON, CASELESS,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-XML-4.0.6, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-REDIS-5.0.0,
AWS-SDK-V1-1.61.0, LOGSTASH-INPUT-ELASTICSEARCH, ELASTICSEARCH-API,
DOCKER 2.5.1, LOGSTASH-FILTER-FINGERPRINT-3.2.1,
LOGSTASH-MIXIN-HTTP_CLIENT, JLS-GROK, LOGSTASH-FILTER-KV-4.2.1,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-ELASTICSEARCH-3.4.0, LOGSTASH-CODEC-CEF 6.0.0-JAVA,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-S3-4.1.7, CRYPTO [Yarn (Node)], LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API
1.6.0-JAVA, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-REDIS, HTTP 0.1.0, LOGSTASH-CODEC-RUBYDEBUG,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-S3, PYTHON_DATEUTIL 2.8.0,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-FLUENT-3.2.0-JAVA, LOGSTASH-FILTER-TRANSLATE-3.2.3,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-S3, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-FILE-4.2.6, THREAD_SAFE,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-FILE-4.2.5, LOGSTASH-INPUT-REDIS-3.4.1,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-REDIS-3.4.0, LOGSTASH-INPUT-EXEC, LOGSTASH-INPUT-TCP
6.0.0-JAVA, REQUEST, JACKSON-JAXRS-JSON-PROVIDER, GFX/TESTS/SVGWEB
[Dojo], LOGSTASH-INPUT-GENERATOR-3.0.6, AWS-SDK-2.11.177,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-RUBY-3.1.5, SCALA-LOGGING_2.11, ENGINE-API,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-CLONE-4.0.0, LOGSTASH-MIXIN-HTTP_CLIENT-7.0.0,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-TRANSLATE, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP-3.2.2-JAVA, LOGSTASH-INPUT-JDBC-4.3.13,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-SPLIT, AWS-SDK, MONGODB, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-NAGIOS,
JSONSTREAM, LOGSTASH-FILTER-KV-4.3.0, LOGSTASH-INPUT-LOG4J,
DOCKER-COMPOSE 1.16.1, WEBHDFS 0.8.0, BETTER-AJV-ERRORS-0.5.7,
AZURE-STORAGE, LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON, DENQUE, LOGSTASH-CODEC-MSGPACK,
EXCANVAS [hg], LOGSTASH-CODEC-NETFLOW-3.14.1, ADDRESSABLE-2.6.0,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-SNS, GSON, MODERN-GO/REFLECT2, LOGSTASH-FILTER-DNS,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-BEATS, LOGSTASH-INPUT-STDIN,
JSONStream, browser-request, cloudant-follow, cloudant-nano, qrcode-terminal,
request, request, sequence, mathjs, swagger-ui, MOUSETRAP [gutenberg],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/SWAG/LICENSE
[kubernetes], BETTER-AJV-ERRORS,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/PROMETHEUS/CLIENT_MODEL/LICENSE
[kubernetes], WEBFONTS-SCOPE-ONE, ETCD-IO/ETCD, GO-JMESPATH,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/LOADS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GO-OPENAPI/SWAG 1D0BD113DE87027671077D3C71EB3AC5D7DBBA72,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/PROMETHEUS/CLIENT_GOLANG/LICENSE
[kubernetes], AWS-SDK-GO [kubernetes], KIBANA,
KUBERNETES/APIEXTENSIONS-APISERVER
F584B16EB23BD2A3FD292A027D698D95DB427C5D, TUNNEL-AGENT, HEKETI-CLIENT
[kubernetes], /BOOTSTRAP-3.3.5/DOCS/ASSETS/JS/CUSTOMIZE.MIN.JS; LINES
36-47 [Bootstrap], FLOCKER-GO [kubernetes], GODBC,
GOLANG_PROTOBUF_EXTENSIONS, COREDNS, GO-ZFS, FILEUTILS, GZIPHANDLER,
IMAGE-SPEC, RUNC, RUNTIME-SPEC, SELINUX, CLIENT_GOLANG, CLIENT_MODEL
[kubernetes], KUBERNETES/CODE-GENERATOR
9DE8E796A74D16D2A285165727D04C185EBCA6DC, GO-CONNECTIONS, GO-UNITS
[kubernetes], BLAKE2 [Python], METRICS [kubernetes], HTTPCORE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/AZURE/AZURE-SDK-FOR-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GRPC/GRPC-1.16.0,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-INI/INI/LICENSE
[kubernetes], KAREEM, BOOTSTRAP RESPONSIVE V2.3.1 [Font-Awesome],
GO-OPENAPI/JSONREFERENCE 13C6E3589AD90F49BD3E3BBE2C2CB3D7A4142272,
TYPESCRIPT [tools], SPF13/COBRA
-C439C4FA093711D42E1B01ACB1235B52004753C1,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/APPC/SPEC/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/GO-SEMVER/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-FILTER-DATE, JSQUEEZE, LOGSTASH-FILTER-KV,
AZURE/GO-AUTOREST 1FF28809256A84BB6966640FF3D0371AF82CCBA4,
MATERIAL-DESIGN-ICONS, MOCK, BTREE, CADVISOR, CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY,
GOFUZZ, GNOSTIC, ANALYSIS, ERRORS, JSONPOINTER, JSONREFERENCE, LOADS,
RUNTIME, SPEC, STRFMT, SWAG [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/JSONPOINTER/LICENSE
[kubernetes], MULTIDICT, RXJS (NODE), MODERN-GO/REFLECT2
-05FBEF0CA5DA472BBF96C9322B84A53EDC03C9FD,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/LPABON/GODBC/LICENSE
[kubernetes], BAZEL-GAZELLE [kubernetes], STUD,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOLANG/GLOG/LICENSE
[kubernetes], PROMETHEUS/CLIENT_GOLANG/PROMETHEUS, ELASTICSEARCH5,
SPF13/COBRA -7547E83B2D85FD1893C7D76916F67689D761FECB, KUBERNETES/GENGO
01A732E01D00CB9A81BB0CA050D3E6D2B947927B, MATCHERS/APACHECOMMONS
[mockito-core], GRPC-ECOSYSTEM/GO-GRPC-PROMETHEUS, DISTRO.PY [Pip],
KUBERNETES/CODE-GENERATOR 8C97D6AB64DA020F8B151E9D3ED8AF3172F5C390,
KUBERNETES/APISERVER FC28EF5782DFC8F23E1F1DFC79664950B307A1D2,
GRPC/GRPC-5B3C4E850E90A4CF6A20EBD46C8B32A0A3AFCB9E, SUPER-CSV, REDIGO
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-INPUT-FILE, CLIENT-GO [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SQUARE/GO-JOSE/LICENSE
[kubernetes], CLOUDFOUNDRY-ATTIC/JIBBER_JABBER
BCC4C8345A21301BF47C032FF42DD1AAE2FE3027, INSIST,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/STAGING/SRC/K8S.IO/METRICS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GOOGLEAPIS/GNOSTIC, KUBERNETES/KLOG,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/LIBOPENSTORAGE/OPENSTORAGE/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/PROMETHEUS/PROCFS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], COREOS/GO-SYSTEMD
48702E0DA86BD25E76CFEF347E2ADEB434A0D0A6, COREOS/PKG
FA29B1D70F0BEADDD4C7021607CC3C3BE8CE94B8, LOGSTASH-FILTER-CSV,
WEBFONTS-OPEN-SANS, GRPC/GRPC-GO, AWS-SDK-RESOURCES, FUNCSIGS,
GRPC/GRPC-1.14.0, LOGSTASH-CODEC-LINE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/JMESPATH/GO-JMESPATH/LICENSE
[kubernetes], PYTHON_DATEUTIL, AWS-SDK-CORE, LOGSTASH-INPUT-UNIX,
MATTTPROUD/GOLANG_PROTOBUF_EXTENSIONS/PBUTIL, LOGSTASH-CODEC-MULTILINE,
QRCODE-TERMINAL [npm],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/OPENCONTAINERS/RUNC/LICENSE
[kubernetes], ARR-PM, GO [kubernetes], WEBHDFS, PACKAGING [Pip],
JMESPATH, LOGSTASH-FILTER-URLDECODE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOLANG/MOCK/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/PROMETHEUS/COMMON/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GO-AUTOREST [kubernetes], CARBON-ADDONS-CLOUD-REACT,
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-TCP, LOGSTASH-FILTER-MEMCACHED, GO-OPENAPI/SWAG
F3F9494671F93FCFF853E3C6E9E948B3EB71E590, LOGSTASH-FILTER-HTTP,
LOGSTASH-CORE, COMMONS-LANG [mockito-core], GOOGLE/BTREE,
KUBERNETES/APIMACHINERY E386B2658ED20923DA8CC9250E552F082899A1EE,
AWS-SIGN2,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MESOS/MESOS-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], ELASTICSEARCH, LOGSTASH-CORE-PLUGIN-API,
AWS/AWS-SDK-GO-1.15.74, RKT, DOCKER [kubernetes], SPF13/COBRA
-E5F66DE850AF3302FBE378C8ACDED2B0FA55472C,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/ETCD/LICENSE
[kubernetes], BOOTSTRAP V3.3.5 [Font-Awesome],
PROMETHEUS/CLIENT_MODEL/GO, LIBNETWORK [kubernetes],
LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-HTTP, CARBON-ICONS, ETCD-IO/ETCD-3.2.26,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/XANZY/GO-CLOUDSTACK/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GLOG, GROUPCACHE [kubernetes], GOOGLE/GO-GENPROTO
B5D43981345BDB2C233EB4BF3277847B48C6FDC6, GRPC/GRPC-1.13.0, GO-OIDC,
GO-SEMVER, GO-SYSTEMD [kubernetes], CMD [tools], CQLSH, DOCTRINE,
LOGSTASH-CODEC-ES_BULK, SHELL2JUNIT [kubernetes], MSGPACK, TSLIB,
TWEETNACL [npm],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/DOCKER/PKG/SYMLINK/LICENSE.APACHE
[kubernetes], FAST-DIFF, AZURE/GO-AUTOREST
D4E6B95C12A08B4DE2D48B45D5B4D594E5D32FAB, MOBY, LIBBUILD
[kubedb/apimachinery],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/CLOUD.GOOGLE.COM/GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], INDEX.JS [npm], GO-HTTP-AUTH [kubernetes], SPF13/COBRA
-CCAECB155A2177302CB56CAE929251A256D0F646, CADVISOR [kubernetes],
PROMETHEUS/PROCFS -65C1F6F8F0FC1E2185EB9863A3BC751496404259,
LOGSTASH-MIXIN-RABBITMQ_CONNECTION, CNI [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/CLUSTERHQ/FLOCKER-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOOGLE/BTREE/LICENSE
[kubernetes], CARBON-COMPONENTS (NODE), ETCD-IO/ETCD-3.3.13,
GO-OPENAPI/SPEC, LOGSTASH-INPUT-SNMP, CARBON-COMPONENTS-REACT,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/STAGING/SRC/K8S.IO/CLIENT-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], DOCKER/GO-UNITS-0.3.3, LOGSTASH-INPUT-TWITTER, ETCD
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/AZURE/GO-AUTOREST/LICENSE
[kubernetes], AUTH, LOGSTASH-FILTER-GROK, GRPC_PROMETHEUS,
KUBERNETES/CLIENT-GO 56E7A63B5E38B614BB7CB8C49ED26DC991B324C4,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/PKG/LICENSE
[kubernetes], AWS-SDK-V1, XMLSCHEMA [Servlet-API], POLYMER ICONS
[material-design-icons], SPOON, CASELESS, VALIDATE, GOPHERCLOUD,
GO-GRPC-PROMETHEUS, HAWKULAR-CLIENT-GO, MOUSETRAP, GO-JMESPATH,
CLOCKWORK, OPENSTORAGE [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/VALIDATE/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LESS, LIB/PROFILE.PY [Python],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GRPC-ECOSYSTEM/GO-GRPC-PROMETHEUS/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/HAWKULAR/HAWKULAR-CLIENT-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], MODERN-GO/CONCURRENT,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ABBOT/GO-HTTP-AUTH/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LIBTRUST [kubernetes], LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-S3, X2JS,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/THIRD_PARTY/SWAGGER-UI/LICENSE
[kubernetes], TIMEZONEJS.DATE [Flot], API.PY [Pip],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/JSONREFERENCE/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SPF13/COBRA/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes], XEIPUUV/GOJSONPOINTER,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/INCONSHREVEABLE/MOUSETRAP/LICENSE
[kubernetes], ENGINE-API [kubernetes], PKG [kubernetes], G11N-PIPELINE,
XEIPUUV/GOJSONREFERENCE, LOGSTASH-INPUT-HTTP, AWS-SDK, MONGODB, BSON,
ROCKSDBJNI,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/AWS/AWS-SDK-GO/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON, LOGSTASH-FILTER-AGGREGATE, OBJENESIS,
MODERN-GO/REFLECT2, LOGSTASH-FILTER-DNS, MODERN-GO/CONCURRENT
-BACD9C7EF1DD9B15BE4A9909B8AC7A4E313EEC94, PROMETHEUS/COMMON
-41AA239B4CCE3C56AB88FC366AE8B0A6423FA239,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/RUNTIME/LICENSE
[kubernetes], MASTERMINDS/GOUTILS, LOGSTASH-INPUT-AZURE_EVENT_HUBS,
NYTIMES/GZIPHANDLER -56545F4A5D46DF9A6648819D1664C3A03A13FFDB,
BYTE-BUDDY-AGENT, UTILS, GOSCALEIO [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOOGLE/CADVISOR/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-FILE, RX-LITE, GOOGLE/GO-GENPROTO
86E600F69EE4704C6EFBF6A2A40A5C10700E76C2,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/DOCKER/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOOGLEAPIS/GNOSTIC/LICENSE
[kubernetes], KUBERNETES-CASSANDRA [kubernetes],
MONGOOSE-LEGACY-PLURALIZE, ATOMIC,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MATTTPROUD/GOLANG_PROTOBUF_EXTENSIONS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], RXJS, LOGSTASH-INPUT-GENERATOR, RSA,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/ANALYSIS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], KUBERNETES/KUBE-OPENAPI, CABIN, PYTHON HTTP FOR HUMANS
[Python], MASTERMINDS/GOUTILS-1.0.1, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-ELASTICSEARCH,
LONG,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GARYBURD/REDIGO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], ASYNC_TIMEOUT, REQUIRE_OPTIONAL, MOUSETRAP [gutenberg],
FOREVER-AGENT, DATEUTIL, DIFF MATCH AND PATCH, KUBERNETES/CLIENT-GO
651D7A8818705E25181C672C1D71524A08E42BB0, LOGSTASH-OUTPUT-KAFKA,
LOGSTASH-MIXIN-AWS, AWS-SIGV4, COM.SUN.GRIZZLY.HTTP.ALGORITHMS
[Grizzly], SOURCES-2.0.1/JAVAX/WS/RS/CORE/GENERICENTITY.JAVA
[javax.ws.rs-api],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/THIRD_PARTY/INTEMP/LICENSE
[kubernetes], XEIPUUV/GOJSONSCHEMA, APACHE KAFKA,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOLANG/GROUPCACHE/LICENSE
[kubernetes], JLS-LUMBERJACK,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/K8S.IO/GENGO/LICENSE
[kubernetes], BYTE-BUDDY, LOGSTASH-FILTER-METRICS,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/CONTAINERNETWORKING/CNI/LICENSE
[kubernetes], DOCKER/SPDYSTREAM, KUBERNETES, PROCFS, GOPHERCLOUD,
GO-RANCHER, AFERO, COBRA, GO-JOSE, NETLINK, NETNS,
PHOTON-CONTROLLER-GO-SDK, GO-CLOUDSTACK, CLOUDSTACK, GO4.ORG, GENPROTO
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/GO-OIDC/LICENSE
[kubernetes], AZURE/GO-AUTOREST
E14A70C556C8E0DB173358D1A903DCA345A8E75E,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/VISHVANANDA/NETLINK/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/STRFMT/LICENSE
[kubernetes], KUBEDB/APIMACHINERY, GOOGLEAPIS/GNOSTIC -0.2.0,
BASE64.JAVA [jersey-core], GOPHERCLOUD/GOPHERCLOUD, ADDRESSABLE,
GO-INI/INI-1.25.4, ZKCLIENT,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/VMWARE/PHOTON-CONTROLLER-GO-SDK/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GO-OPENAPI/RUNTIME, LOGSTASH-FILTER-JSON,
GOLANG/GROUPCACHE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOOGLE/CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GO-KMSG-PARSER [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/ENGINE-API/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-CODEC-PLAIN,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOPHERCLOUD/GOPHERCLOUD/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/XANZY/GO-CLOUDSTACK/CLOUDSTACK/LICENSE
[kubernetes], COREOS/GO-SEMVER 568E959CD89871E61434C1143528D9162DA89EF2,
KUBECTL [kubernetes], DOCKER/GO-CONNECTIONS-0.4.0, GENERICENTITY.JAVA
[javax.ws.rs-api], CARBON-ADDONS-CLOUD,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/RACKSPACE/GOPHERCLOUD/LICENSE
[kubernetes], MESOS [kubernetes], KUBEAPI-LOAD-BALANCER [kubernetes],
GOOGLE/CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY-GO, COREOS/GO-OIDC
A4973D9A4225417AECF5D450A9522F00C1F7130F, PROMETHEUS [Moby],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/GO-CONNECTIONS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], GOSURI/CMDNS -788E86F8F5D536C03515B64BDF664EB168F4E318,
KUBTECTL [kubernetes], GENGO, HEAPSTER, KUBE-OPENAPI, GOVMOMI
[kubernetes], GO-OPENAPI/VALIDATE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/GO-UNITS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], HARWRAPPER, AIOHTTP, DOCKER/GO-CONNECTIONS-0.3.0,
SWAGGER-UI [kubernetes], KUBERNETES/GENGO
7765D7F4899DC5C529E16C90791A600B0914C2A0,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/GODEPS/LICENSES [kubernetes],
INTEMP [kubernetes], LOGSTASH-PATTERNS-CORE, HACK [kubernetes],
LOGSTASH-FILTER-DE_DOT, JONBOULLE/CLOCKWORK,
LOGSTASH-FILTER-JDBC_STREAMING, OAUTH-SIGN,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/THIRD_PARTY/FORKED/SHELL2JUNIT/LICENSE
[kubernetes], TESTS/CSS-TESTS.HTML [Font-Awesome],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/ERRORS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], PROMETHEUS/COMMON
-13BA4DDD0CAA9C28CA7B7BFFE1DFA9ED8D5EF207, KUBERNETES/API
DB5A9D1C40EBE3CDFF47AAB1B7ECDCD22F841EF8,
KUBERNETES/APIEXTENSIONS-APISERVER
16750353BF974758FBED9F44C39B81DFE6DECB71, SPDYSTREAM,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GO4.ORG/LICENSE
[kubernetes], KUBERNETES/CLIENT-GO
A312BFE35C401F70E5EA0ADD48B50DA283031DC3, AUTH_ROLE.GO [Moby],
CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY-GO, MONGODB-CORE, JWK-TO-PEM,
GO-OPENAPI/JSONPOINTER, REQUESTS, PROMHTTP,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/CODEDELLEMC/GOSCALEIO/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GOOGLE/GOFUZZ/LICENSE
[kubernetes], SWAGGER-CLIENT, SYMLINK [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/DISTRIBUTION/LICENSE
[kubernetes], TORNADO, COREOS/ETCD [etcd-io/etcd], SPDX-CORRECT,
SNAPPY-JARS, GO-OPENAPI/ANALYSIS, JRUBY-STDIN-CHANNEL,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MIEKG/COREDNS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], YARL,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DOCKER/SPDYSTREAM/LICENSE
[kubernetes], SOURCES-2.0.1/JAVAX/WS/RS/CORE/GENERICENTITY.JAVA; LINES
41-57 [javax.ws.rs-api], LOGSTASH-CODEC-JSON_LINES, SPEC [kubernetes],
GOLANG/GLOG, UTIL/CONCURRENT [mockito-core],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GO-OPENAPI/SPEC/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-INPUT-KAFKA, GO-OPENAPI/STRFMT,
LOGSTASH-INPUT-DEAD_LETTER_QUEUE, LOGSTASH-FILTER-GEOIP (RUBY GEM),
LOGSTASH-INPUT-ELASTICSEARCH,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/VMWARE/GOVMOMI/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes], JMESPATH/GO-JMESPATH, LOGSTASH-MIXIN-HTTP_CLIENT, IBM TYPE
CODE [carbon-components (Node)], JLS-GROK, NET::ZOOKEEPER (PERL MODULE),
YAML.V2 [kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MISTIFYIO/GO-ZFS/LICENSE
[kubernetes], SPF13/COBRA -F62E98D28AB7AD31D707BA837A966378465C7B57,
LEANER CSS V1.6.1 [Bootstrap], LOGSTASH-CODEC-RUBYDEBUG,
GO-OPENAPI/LOADS, GOOGLE/GOFUZZ,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/JONBOULLE/CLOCKWORK/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/GO-SYSTEMD/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/GO-OIDC/NOTICE
[kubernetes], KUBERNETES/CLIENT-GO
F2F85107CAC6FE04C30435CA0AC0C3318FD1B94C, THREAD_SAFE,
@SINONJS/TEXT-ENCODING, INCONSHREVEABLE/MOUSETRAP, REQUEST [npm],
BGENTRY/SPEAKEASY, HTTP-CLIENT-BUILDER, KUBERNETES/APIMACHINERY
8EE1A638BAFA4AE9691077E690CB45DD54F45111, CORE/GENERICENTITY.JAVA
[javax.ws.rs-api], MATERIAL-DESIGN-ICONS-ICONFONT,
GOOGLEAPIS/GOOGLE-CLOUD-GO, BROWSER-REQUEST, LESS - LEANER CSS V1.7.5
[Bootstrap],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/COREOS/RKT/LICENSE
[kubernetes],
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/RANCHER/GO-RANCHER/LICENSE
[kubernetes], AZURE-SDK-FOR-GO [kubernetes], INI [kubernetes],
GOOGLE_AUTH, DENQUE,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SPF13/AFERO/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes], GOLANG/APPENGINE-1.1.0,
COREOS/GO-SYSTEMD-95778DFBB74EB7E4DBAF43BF7D71809650EF8076,
KUBERNETES/UTILS,
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/K8S.IO/HEAPSTER/LICENSE
[kubernetes], LOGSTASH-INPUT-BEATS


Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.

   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
   exercising permissions granted by this License.

   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation
   source, and configuration files.

   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
   and conversions to other media types.

   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
   as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
   meet the following conditions:

   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
       stating that You changed the files; and

   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
       the Derivative Works; and

   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
       as modifying the License.

   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
   the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

END OF APACHE LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ARTISTIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Artistic License (source code available via the indicated URL):

IO-HTML (http://search.cpan.org/dist/IO-HTML/), libfile-fnmatch-perl
(http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/universe/libf/libfile-fnmatch-per
l/libfile-fnmatch-perl_0.02-2build2.debian.tar.xz), MIME-Types
(https://github.com/mime-types/ruby-mime-types), perl-encode-locale
(http://search.cpan.org/~gaas), perl-exporter-tiny
(http://search.cpan.org/dist/Exporter-Tiny/), perl-http-date
(http://search.cpan.org/~gaas/HTTP-Date-6.02/), perl-http-message
(http://search.cpan.org/dist/HTTP-Message/), perl-lwp-mediatypes
(http://search.cpan.org/~gaas), URI (Perl Module)
(http://search.cpan.org/dist/URI/)
liblog-message-perl(https://packages.debian.org/jessie/liblog-
message-perl),libpackage-constants-perl(https://packages.debian.org/sour
ce/jessie/libpackage-constants-perl),perl(https://www.perl.org/get.html)
,npm(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-5.3.0.tgz),strong-globalize(htt
p://registry.npmjs.org/strong-globalize/-/strong-globalize-2.10.0.tgz),s
trong-remoting(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-remoting/-/strong-remoti
ng-2.34.0.tgz),strong-wait-till-listening(http://registry.npmjs.org/stro
ng-wait-till-listening/-/strong-wait-till-listening-1.0.3.tgz),translite
rator(https://github.com/Behat/Transliterator.git),
MARKDOWNTEST [rdoc (Ruby Gem)]
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/rdoc-6.1.1.gem),
IO::UNCOMPRESS::BASE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::Base), I18N::LANGTAGS::LIST
(PERL MODULE) (ï»¿ï»¿ï»¿ï»¿https://metacpan.org/), EXTUTILS::MM_UNIX (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Unix), MODULE::CORELIST
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Module::CoreList), OK (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ok), EXTUTILS::MM_WIN32 (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Win32), IO::SOCKET::IP (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/), IO::COMPRESS::BASE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::Base), IO::COMPRESS::BZIP2 (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::Bzip2),
COMPRESS::RAW::BZIP2 (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Compress::Raw::Bzip2),
TEST::TESTER::CAPTURERUNNER (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Tester::CaptureRunner),
EXTUTILS::MKBOOTSTRAP (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Mkbootstrap), ENCODE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Encode), TEXT:TEMPLATE.PM [NodeJS]
(https://github.com/nodejs/node/tree/v10.15.1), EXTUTILS::MM_DARWIN
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Darwin),
IO::COMPRESS::GZIP (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::Gzip), TEST::GDB (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/), EXTUTILS::MM_DOS (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_DOS), TEST::BUILDER (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Builder), IO::UNCOMPRESS::UNZIP (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::Unzip),
IO::UNCOMPRESS::ANYINFLATE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::AnyInflate), TEST::USE::OK
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::use::ok),
COMPRESS::RAW::ZLIB (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Compress::Raw::Zlib), B::TERSE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/), EXTUTILS::MM_UWIN (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_UWIN), MODULE::CORELIST::UTILS
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Module::CoreList::Utils),
IO::COMPRESS::RAWDEFLATE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::RawDeflate), EXTUTILS::MM_WIN95
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Win95),
IO::COMPRESS::ZIP (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::Zip), IO::UNCOMPRESS::GUNZIP
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::Gunzip),
EXTUTILS::MANIFEST (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Manifest), EXTUTILS::MM_BEOS (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_BeOS),
EXTUTILS::MAKEMAKER::CONFIG (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Config), COMPRESS::ZLIB
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Compress::Zlib),
EXTUTILS::MM_VOS (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_VOS), EXTUTILS::MAKEMAKER::LOCALE
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MakeMaker::Locale),
IO::UNCOMPRESS::ANYUNCOMPRESS (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::AnyUncompress), NET::PING
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Net::Ping), EXTUTILS::MM_QNX
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_QNX),
EXTUTILS::MKSYMLISTS (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Mksymlists), IO::COMPRESS::DEFLATE
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Compress::Deflate),
TEST::MORE (PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::More),
EXTUTILS::MM_CYGWIN (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Cygwin), EXTUTILS::COMMAND::MM
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Command::MM),
EXTUTILS::MM_MACOS (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_MacOS),
TEST::BUILDER::TESTER::COLOR (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Builder::Tester::Color), EXTUTILS::MM
(PERL MODULE)A (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM),
TEST::BUILDER::TESTER (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Builder::Tester), MODULE::METADATA (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Module::Metadata), PERLIO::MMAP (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/), TEST::SIMPLE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Simple), EXTUTILS::LIBLIST (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Liblist), EXTUTILS::TESTLIB (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::testlib), EXTUTILS::MM_AIX
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_AIX),
EXTUTILS::MM_OS2 (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_OS2), EXTUTILS::MM_VMS (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_VMS),
IO::UNCOMPRESS::BUNZIP2 (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::Bunzip2),
IO::UNCOMPRESS::INFLATE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::Inflate), DBD::MYSQL (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/), EXTUTILS::CBUILDER::PLATFORM::WINDOWS
(PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::CBuilder::Platform::Windows),
TEST::TESTER::CAPTURE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Tester::Capture), TEST::TESTER (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Tester), EXTUTILS::MAKEMAKER
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MakeMaker),
EXTUTILS::MM_NW5 (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_NW5), IO::UNCOMPRESS::RAWINFLATE
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/IO::Uncompress::RawInflate),
PERLIO::SCALAR (PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/PerlIO::scalar),
EXTUTILS::COMMAND (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::Command), EXTUTILS::MM_ANY (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MM_Any),
TEST::BUILDER::MODULE (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Test::Builder::Module), DEVEL::PPPORT (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/Devel::PPPort), EXTUTILS::MY (PERL
MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::MY), EXTUTILS::CBUILDER
(PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/ExtUtils::CBuilder),
CPAN::PLUGIN (PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/), VMSISH (PERL MODULE)
(https://metacpan.org/)


END OF LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ARTISTIC LICENSE 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Artistic License (source code available via the indicated URL):

innotop
(https://www.xaprb.com/blog/2006/07/02/innotop-mysql-innodb-monitor/),
npm (https://github.com/npm/npm/releases/tag/v3.10.10), Strong-globalize
(https://github.com/strongloop/strong-globalize/releases/tag/v3.1.0),
libalgorithm-c3-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libalgorithm-c3
-perl),libarchive-extract-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libar
chive-extract-perl),libcgi-fast-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch
/libcgi-fast-perl),libcgi-pm-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/li
bcgi-pm-perl),libclass-c3-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libcl
ass-c3-perl),libclass-c3-xs-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/lib
class-c3-xs-perl),libdata-optlist-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stret
ch/libdata-optlist-perl),libdata-section-perl(https://packages.debian.or
g/stretch/libdata-section-perl),libfile-copy-recursive-perl(https://pack
ages.debian.org/stretch/libfile-copy-recursive-perl),liblocale-gettext-p
erl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/liblocale-gettext-perl),liblog-m
essage-simple-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/liblog-message-si
mple-perl),libmodule-build-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libm
odule-build-perl),libmodule-pluggable-perl(https://packages.debian.org/s
tretch/libmodule-pluggable-perl),libmodule-signature-perl(https://packag
es.debian.org/stretch/libmodule-signature-perl),libparams-util-perl(http
s://packages.debian.org/stretch/libparams-util-perl),libperl5.24(https:/
/packages.debian.org/stretch/libperl5.24),libpod-latex-perl(https://pack
ages.debian.org/stretch/libpod-latex-perl),libpod-readme-perl(https://pa
ckages.debian.org/stretch/libpod-readme-perl),libregexp-common-perl(http
s://packages.debian.org/stretch/libregexp-common-perl),libsoftware-licen
se-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libsoftware-license-perl),li
bterm-ui-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libterm-ui-perl),libte
xt-iconv-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libtext-iconv-perl),li
btext-soundex-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libtext-soundex-p
erl),libtext-template-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libtext-t
emplate-perl),libtext-wrapi18n-perl(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/
libtext-wrapi18n-perl),rename(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/rename
),libdbd-mysql-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/libdbd-mysql-perl
),libdbi-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/libdbi-perl),libalgorit
hm-diff-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/libalgorithm-diff-perl),
libalgorithm-diff-xs-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/libalgorith
m-diff-xs-perl),libalgorithm-merge-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xeni
al/libalgorithm-merge-perl),liberror-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xe
nial/liberror-perl),libfile-fcntllock-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/x
enial/libfile-fcntllock-perl),libperl5.22:amd64(https://packages.ubuntu.
com/xenial/libperl5.22),libtext-charwidth-perl(https://packages.ubuntu.c
om/xenial/libtext-charwidth-perl),libcpan-meta-perl(https://packages.deb
ian.org/stretch/libcpan-meta-perl),libperl5.22(https://packages.ubuntu.c
om/xenial/libperl5.22),perl(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/libperl5.
22),perl-base(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/perl-base),perl-modules
-5.22(https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/perl-modules-5.22),perl(www.cpa
n.org/src/5.0/perl-5.24.3.tar.gz),libsub-exporter-perl(https://packages.
debian.org/stretch/libsub-exporter-perl),libsub-install-perl(https://pac
kages.debian.org/stretch/libsub-install-perl),liberror-perl(https://pack
ages.debian.org/stretch/liberror-perl),perl(https://packages.debian.org/
stretch/perl),perl-base(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/perl-base),p
erl-modules(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/perl-modules),perl-modul
es-5.24(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/perl-modules-5.24),perl-enco
de-locale(http://search.cpan.org/~gaas/Encode-Locale-1.05/lib/Encode/Loc
ale.pm),perl-exporter-tiny(http://search.cpan.org/dist/Exporter-Tiny/),p
erl-http-date(http://search.cpan.org/~gaas/HTTP-Date-6.02/lib/HTTP/Date.
pm),perl-http-message(http://search.cpan.org/dist/HTTP-Message/),perl-io
-html(http://search.cpan.org/dist/IO-HTML/),perl-lwp-mediatypes(http://s
earch.cpan.org/~gaas/LWP-MediaTypes-6.02/lib/LWP/MediaTypes.pm),perl-uri
(http://search.cpan.org/dist/URI/),libmro-compat-perl 
(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libmro-compat-perl),
strong-remoting-3.11.0
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-remoting/-/strong-remoting-3.11.0.tgz),
npm-lifecycle(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm-lifecycle/-/npm-lifecycle-1.
0.3.tgz), bin-links 1.1.0
(http://registry.npmjs.org/bin-links/-/bin-links-1.1.0.tgz), gentle-fs
2.0.1 (http://registry.npmjs.org/gentle-fs/-/gentle-fs-2.0.1.tgz), npm
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-3.10.10.tgz), npm-lifecycle 2.0.0
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm-lifecycle/-/npm-lifecycle-2.0.0.tgz),
strong-globalize
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-globalize/-/strong-globalize-4.1.1.tgz
), strong-globalize 4.1.1
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-globalize/-/strong-globalize-4.1.1.tgz
), strong-remoting
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-remoting/-/strong-remoting-2.35.2.tgz),
NPM-LIFECYCLE
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm-lifecycle/-/npm-lifecycle-2.1.0.tgz),
STRONG-GLOBALIZE
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-globalize/-/strong-globalize-4.1.2.tgz),
NPM 
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-4.2.0.tgz), (http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-3.10.10.tgz),
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-6.4.1.tgz)
BIN-LINKS
(http://registry.npmjs.org/bin-links/-/bin-links-1.1.2.tgz),
gentle-fs
(http://registry.npmjs.org/gentle-fs/-/gentle-fs-2.0.1.tgz),
CPAN (PERL MODULE) (https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN), STRONG-GLOBALIZE
(http://registry.npmjs.org/strong-globalize/-/strong-globalize-2.10.0.tgz),
BIGDECIMAL [ruby] (https://github.com/ruby/ruby/tree/v2_3_0), NPM
(http://registry.npmjs.org/npm/-/npm-6.9.0.tgz)


END OF ARTISTIC LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BOOST LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Boost Software License:

Boost Geometry, GCC-4.9.2(DRuntime), GCC-5.4.0(DRuntime), Generic
Geometry Library, libgcc-6.3.0(DRuntime), Catch v1.9.4,
BOOST:GEOMETRY [MySQL], CATCH V2.0.1 [opentracing-cpp],
RECURSIVE_WRAPPER.HPP [opentracing-cpp]

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or 
organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying 
documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, 
reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and 
to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties 
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the 
following: 

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, 
including the above license grant, this restriction and the following 
disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or 
in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or 
derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object 
code generated by a source language processor. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE 
DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE. 

END OF BOOST LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM 
obtained under the BSD License:

AesCrypt (Copyright (C) 1995-2000 The Cryptix Foundation Limited),
android-cmake (Â© Copyright 2000-2017 Kitware, Inc. and Contributors.),
ANSI_escape_code (Copyright Jonathan Hartley 2013),
Ansible-2.4.1.0(ANSIBALLZ_WRAPPER) (Copyright (c), James Cammarata,
2016; Copyright (c), Toshio Kuratomi, 2016),
Ansible-2.4.1.0(module_utils) ((c) 2016 Red Hat Inc.),
Ansible-2.4.1.0(Sphinx) (No copyright found), Ansible-2.4.1.0(themes)
(Copyright 2007-2013 by the Sphinx team, see AUTHORS.), api (Copyright
(c) 2016, Quobyte Inc), babel-jest v20.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-present,
Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), babel-plugin-jest-hoist v20.0.3
(Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.),
babel-preset-jest v20.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.), blackfriday (Copyright Â© 2011 Russ Ross),
blowfish (Devi Mandiri <me@devi.web.id>),
botocore/docs/bcdoc/textwriter.py (Copyright 2007-2011 by the Sphinx
team), BubbleBabble.java (Copyright (c) 2000, 2001 Markus Friedl. All
rights reserved.), build-static-symbols.tcl (Copyright (C) 2009
Salvatore Sanfilippo), build.lib/*asm* (Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA,
France Telecom), busybox-1.24.2(coreutils) (Copyright (c) 1991, 1993 The
Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved.),
busybox-1.24.2(MD5C) (Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc.
Created 1991. All rights reserved.), Bzip2 (Copyright 2010 Lennart
Poettering), Camellia (Copyright (c) 2008 Andy Polyakov
<appro@openssl.org>), cancellable (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
cfssl (Copyright (c) 2014 CloudFlare Inc.), Colorama (Copyright (c) 2010
Jonathan Hartley), commonmark (node) (Copyright (c) 2014, John
MacFarlane), configstore (Copyright Google), context (Copyright (c) 2012
Rodrigo Moraes), CRC32 implementation from Facebook (Copyright (C)
2009-2010 Facebook, Inc. All Rights Reserved.), crypto (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), crypto (GoLang) (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), crypto-js (Copyright (c) 2009-2013, Jeff
Mott.), crypto/md5 (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young. All rights
reserved.), CryptoJS v3.1.2 ((c) 2009-2013 by Jeff Mott. All rights
reserved.), customeelement.js (Copyright (c) 2014 The Polymer Project
Authors. All rights reserved.), DarkFish (Copyright (c) 2007, 2008,
Michael Granger. All rights reserved.), dbus (Copyright (c) 2013, Georg
Reinke (<guelfey at gmail dot com>)), dep (Copyright (c) 2014 The Go
Authors.), dhcp4 (Copyright (c) 2013 Skagerrak Software Limited), dns
((c) 2011 Miek Gieben), Dojo Toolkit (Copyright (c) 2004-2011, The Dojo
Foundation All Rights Reserved.), domain_name (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Akinori MUSHA),
Dojotoolkit (Copyright (c) 2004-2008,The Dojo Foundation), EchoNGINX (Copyright (C)
2009-2014, Yichun "agentzh" Zhang), enthought-plan.txt (Copyright:
2001-2004 by David Goodger; Copyright: 2004 by Enthought, Inc.),
eslint-config-fb-strict (no copyright found), entities (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm),
Esprima (Copyright (c)jQuery Foundation, Inc. and Contributors, All Rights Reserved.), exp
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), Fast LZ compression algorithm
(Copyright (C) 2011-2015, Yann Collet.), FindReadline.cmake (None
found), flasky.css_t (Not Required), fs (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors), fsnotify (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors, Copyright (c)
2012 fsnotify Authors. All rights reserved.), Futures (Copyright Jelle
van der Waa), GCC-4.9.2(go) (Copyright 2011 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), GCC-4.9.2(libbacktrace) (No copyright found.),
GCC-4.9.2(Match.S) (No copyright found), GCC-4.9.2(RELAX NG) (No
copyright found), GCC-5.4.0(go) (Copyright 2011 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), GCC-5.4.0(libbacktrace) (No copyright found.),
GCC-5.4.0(Match.S) (No copyright found), GCC-5.4.0(RELAX NG) (No
copyright found), gcfgv1 (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions
Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors), gettext-go (Copyright 2013
ChaiShushan <chaishushan{AT}gmail.com>.), ghodss-yaml (Copyright (c)
2014 Sam Ghods), go-api (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 StorageOS),
go-bindata-assetfs (Copyright (c) 2014, Elazar Leibovich), go-colortext
(Copyright (c) 2016, David Deng), go-difflib (Copyright (c) 2013,
Patrick Mezard), go-flowrate (Copyright (c) 2014 The Go-FlowRate
Authors), go-msgpack (Copyright (c) 2012, 2013 Ugorji Nwoke.),
gocapability (Copyright 2013 Suryandaru Triandana <syndtr@gmail.com>),
godog (Copyright (c) 2015-2017, DATA-DOG team), golang (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), golang-api (Copyright (c) 2011 Google Inc.),
golang-protobuf (Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
Golang-Tools (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
golang.org/x (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
golang/text (Copyright 2014 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
googlemock (Copyright 2008, Google Inc.), googletest (Copyright 2008,
Google Inc.), goproxy (Copyright (c) 2012 Elazar Leibovich.), graph
(Copyright Â©2013 The gonum Authors), grpc (Copyright 2014, Google Inc.),
grpc-gateway (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc.), highlight.js (Copyright
(c) 2006, Ivan Sagalaev), hiredis (Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Salvatore
Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot com> Pieter Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at
gmail dot com>), HiredisMakefile (Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Salvatore
Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot com> Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Pieter
Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at gmail dot com>), html5_polyglot/__init__.py (Â©
2005, 2009, 2015 Gunter Milde, portions from html4css1 Â© David
Goodger.), html5_polyglot/math.css (Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Alex
FernÃƒÂ¡ndez), htpasswd (Copyright (C) 2003-2013 Edgewall Software), HTTP
Hawk Authentication Scheme (Copyright (c) 2012-2014, Eran Hammer
<eran@hammer.io>), http-cache-semantics 3.7.3 (Copyright (c) Kornel
LesiÅ„ski <kornel@geekhood.net>), IAIK PKCS Wrapper (Copyright (c) 2002
Graz University of Technology), inf.v0 (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter
SurÃ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors), innodb (Copyright
(c) 2010, Eric Bergen), Jemalloc (Copyright (C) 2002-2017 Jason Evans
<jasone@canonware.com>. All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2007-2012
Mozilla Foundation.  All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2009-2017
Facebook, Inc.  All rights reserved.), jflex (Copyright Â© Gerwin Klein, Steve Rowe, Regis Decamp),
Jinja2 (Copyright (c) 2006-2008 by the respective authors), jline(Copyright (c) 2002-2012, the
original author or authors.), jq.spec ((C) 2012 Stephen Dolan), jsDump
(Copyright (c) 2008 Ariel Flesler - aflesler(at)gmail(dot)com), jslint
(Copyright (c) 2012 Maximilian Antoni), json (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors), json-patch (Copyright (c) 2014, Evan Phoenix), latex2mathml.py
(Copyright: Â© 2010 GÃ¼nter Milde.), leaflet-heat (Copyright (c) 2014,
Vladimir Agafonkin), libbsd (No Copyright found),
libgcc-6.3.0(libbacktrace) (No copyright found.), libgcc-6.3.0(RELAX NG)
(No copyright found), libmecab2 (Copyright (c) 2001-2008, Taku Kudo;
Copyright (c) 2004-2008, Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation),
library.rb (Copyright (c) 2007, 2008 Evan Phoenix), libseccomp-golang
(Copyright (c) 2015 Matthew Heon <mheon@redhat.com>, Paul Moore
<pmoore@redhat.com>), libssh2 (Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Sara Golemon
<sarag@libssh2.org>  * Copyright (c) 2005,2006 Mikhail Gusarov
<dottedmag@dottedmag.net>  * Copyright (c) 2006-2007 The Written Word,
Inc.  * Copyright (c) 2007 Eli Fant <elifantu@mail.ru>  * Copyright (c)
2009 Daniel Stenberg  * Copyright (C) 2008, 2009 Simon Josefsson  * All
rights reserved.), linenoise (Copyright (c) 1998-2007, Google Inc..),
lua-resty-http (Copyright (c) 2013, James Hurst
<james@pintsized.co.uk>), lz4 (Copyright (c) 2011-2014, Yann Collet),
lzf-parts (Copyright (c) 2000-2008 Marc Alexander Lehmann
<schmorp@schmorp.de>), magiconair-properties ((c) 2013-2014 - Frank
Schroeder), md5 algorithm (Copyright (C) Paul Johnston 1999 - 2002.),
memcached (Copyright (c) 2015, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights
reserved.; Copyright 2003 Danga Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved.),
mergo (Copyright (c) 2013 Dario CastaÃ±Ã©. All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), mkstemp (Copyright (C)
1987, 1993 The Regents of the University of California. All rights
reserved.), mux (Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes), net (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), NGINX (Copyright (C) 2002-2017 Igor Sysoev  *
Copyright (C) 2011-2017 Nginx, Inc.), ngx_coolkit (Copyright (c) 2010,
FRiCKLE Piotr Sikora), NGX_Postgres (Copyright (c) 2010, FRiCKLE Piotr
Sikora Copyright (c) 2009-2010, Xiaozhe Wang Copyright (c) 2009-2010,
Yichun Zhang - All rights reserved.), nodent 3.1.5 - ajv 5.5.1
(Copyright (c) Mat At Bread <nodent@mailed.me.uk>.), oauth2 (Copyright
(c) 2012 The Go Authors), Openresty (Copyright (C) 2009-2015, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang, CloudFlare Inc.), opensource (Copyright 2011 Mozilla
Foundation and contributors), OpenSSL (Copyright (c) 1998-2016 The
OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.), osext (Copyright (c) 2012 The
Go Authors), p11-kit ((c) Steve Reid <steve@edmweb.com>), PCRE
(Copyright (c) 1997-2014 University of Cambridge All rights reserved.),
pcregexp.pas (Copyright (c) 2001, Alexander Tokarev), pflag (Copyright
(c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), pkg-errors (Copyright (c) 2015, Dave
Cheney <dave@cheney.net>), pprof (Copyright (c) 2009-201Copyright
2009-2010 Andrea Leofreddi <a.leofreddi@itcharm.com>. All rights
reserved.), pprof-svgpan (Copyright 2009-2010 Andrea Leofreddi
<a.leofreddi@itcharm.com>), pretty-format (Node) (Copyright (c)
2014-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), protobuf (Copyright
(c) 2013, The GoGo Authors), pty (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
purell (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers), purrell (Copyright (c) 2012,
Martin Angers), pyasn1 (Copyright (c) 2005-2017, Ilya Etingof
<etingof@gmail.com> All rights reserved.), python-dateutil (No copyright
found), React-dnd (Copyright (c) 2015, Facebook), react-tether-0.5.7 -
normalize-package-dat-2.3.2 (Copyright (c) Meryn Stol),
react-toggle-3.0.1 - WEBPACK FOOTER (Copyright 2013-present, Facebook,
Inc.), react-toggle-3.0.1 - WEBPACK VAR INJECTION (Copyright
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), redis (Copyright (c) 2006-2014, Salvatore
Sanfilippo), redis-copy.rb (Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Salvatore
Sanfilippo), redis-sha1.rb (Copyright (C) 2009 Salvatore Sanfilippo),
RedisMakefile (Copyright (c) 2006-2014, Salvatore Sanfilippo All rights
reserved.), RedisNGINX (Copyright (C) 2002-2009 Igor Sysoev - Copyright
(C) 2009-2013 Sergey A. Osokin), scanelf (from gentoo
pax-utils)-1.1.6(iddtree) (Copyright 2012-2014 Gentoo Foundation;
Copyright 2012-2014 Mike Frysinger <vapier@gentoo.org>; Copyright
2012-2014 The Chromium OS Authors), Service_JSON (copyright 2005 Michal
Migurski), SFMT 1.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2006,2007 Mutsuo Saito, Makoto
Matsumoto and Hiroshima University. All rights reserved.), sftp
(Copyright (c) 2013, Dave Cheney), sha 2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes
Lindesay), SHA-1 algorithm (Copyright Paul Johnston 2000 - 2002.),
Sha1NDK (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young. All rights reserved.),
show_temp_51 (Copyright (c) 2010, Venu Anuganti, http://venublog.com/),
Simpl-IT (Copyright (c) 2010, Marcus Clyne, Simpl (simpl.it) All rights
reserved.), sinon.js 1.6 ((author) Christian Johansen
(christian@cjohansen.no)), sljit (Copyright 2013-2013 Tilera
Corporation(jiwang@tilera.com). All rights reserved. Copyright 2009-2012
Zoltan Herczeg (hzmester@freemail.hu). All rights reserved.),
small_flask.css (Not Required), smartquotes.py (Copyright: Â© 2010
Gunnter Milde, original `SmartyPants: Â© 2003 John Gruber
smartypants.py:Â© 2004, 2007 Chad Miller), speed-regression.tcl
(Copyright (C) 2011 Salvatore Sanfilippo), SSPI (Copyright (c) 2012 The
Go Authors.), stringify-object (Copyright (c) 2015, Yeoman team), sys
(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), taffydb-node
(Copyright (c) All rights reserved http://taffydb.com), test-nginx
(Copyright (c) 2009-2014, Yichun Zhang (agentzh)
"<agentzh@gmail.com>".), test_helper.tcl (Copyright (C) 2009 Salvatore
Sanfilippo antirez@gmail.com/decompression-method), text (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), time (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
tinycolor2-1.4.1 - jsDump (Copyright (c) 2008 Ariel Flesler), tools
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), unknown-bsd (Unknown),
update-notifier (copyright Google), urlesc (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), UUID (Copyright (c) 2012 The gocql
Authors. All rights reserved.),
vendor/github.com/golang/protobuf/LICENSE (Copyright 2010 The Go
Authors), vendor/github.com/imdario/mergo/README.md (Copyright (c) 2013
Dario CastaÃ±Ã©. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
vendor/github.com/pborman/uuid/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2009,2014 Google
Inc.), vendor/github.com/petar/GoLLRB/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2010, Petar
Maymounkov), vendor/github.com/pkg/errors/README.md (Copyright (c) 2015,
Dave Cheney), vendor/github.com/PuerkitoBio/purell/README.md (Copyright
(c) 2012, Martin Angers), vendor/github.com/PuerkitoBio/urlesc/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
vendor/github.com/spf13/pflag/README.md (Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier
Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), vendor/gopkg.in/fsnotify.v1/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors, Copyright (c) 2012 fsnotify
Authors), vendor/gopkg.in/inf.v0/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter
SurÃ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors), version_string
(Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Salvatore Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot
com> Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Pieter Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at gmail dot
com>), warnings.v0 (Copyright (c) 2016 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi), webencodings
(Copyright 2012 by Simon Sapin), websocket (Copyright (c) 2013 The
Gorilla WebSocket Authors), WebSocket08FrameDecoder.java (Copyright (c)
2011, Joe Walnes and contributors), xml (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors.), xurls (Copyright (c) 2015, Daniel MartÃ­), yaml (Copyright (c)
2014 Sam Ghods), yeoman-assert v2.2.3 (Copyright (c) Google),
yeoman-environment v1.6.6 (No copyright found), yeoman-environment
v2.0.5 (No copyright found), YUI (Copyright (c) 2013, Yahoo! Inc.), Zlib
(Copyright (C) 1995-2010 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler), python-dateutil (Python) 
(Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer, Copyright (c) 2012-2014 - Tomi PievilÃ¤inen, 
Copyright (c) 2014-2016 - Yaron de Leeuw, Copyright (c) 2015- - Paul Ganssle),
ansi (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1) (Copyright Jonathan
Hartley 2013), atom (Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights
reserved.), Camellia (Copyright (c) 2008 Andy Polyakov
<appro@openssl.org>), chromium_src (Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors.
All rights reserved.), colorama (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1)
(Copyright Jonathan Hartley 2013), fields.go and deep_equal.go
(Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
ghodss/yaml/fields.go (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), gogo/protobuf (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All
rights reserved.), golang-http2 (Primary Package: containerd 0.2.5) (No
copyright found), golang-proxy (Primary Package: containerd 0.2.5) (No
copyright found), golang-trace (Primary Package: containerd 0.2.5) (No
copyright found), golang-unix (Primary Package: containerd 0.2.5) (No
copyright found), golang.org/x/crypto (Copyright 2016 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), golang.org/x/net (Copyright 2016 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), golang.org/x/sys (Copyright 2009 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), golang.org/x/text (Copyright 2014 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), golang/protobuf (Copyright 2010 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), gopkg.in/fsnotify.v1 (Copyright 2016 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), imdario/mergo (Copyright 2013 Dario
CastaÃ±Ã©. All rights reserved. Copyright 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), libssh2-2.1.8.0 (No Copyright found), logrus (Primary
Package: containerd 0.2.5) (No copyright found), pkg/errors (Copyright
(c) 2015, Dave Cheney <dave@cheney.net> All rights reserved.),
PuerkitoBio urlesc (Copyright 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), PuerkitoBio/purell (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers All
rights reserved.), reload 0.1.0.0 (Copyright JP Moresmau (c) 2016),
spf13/pflag (Copyright 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
Sphinx Version (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1) (No copyright found),
test_config.py (not found), utils.py (not found), webencodings (Primary
Package: py2-pip-9.0.1) (Copyright 2012 by Simon Sapin), wsgi.py
(copyright: (c) 2010 by the Werkzeug Team, see AUTHORS for more
details.)
accept(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Project contributors; Copyright (c)
2015-2016  Mark Bradshaw; Copyright (c) 2014  Walmart.),ammo(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017  Project contributors; Copyright (c) 2014 
Walmart),antlr4-runtime(ï¿½ Copyright ANTLR / Terence Parr
2014),arguejs(No copyright found),ASM(Copyright (c) 2012 France Tï¿½lï¿½com.
All rights reserved.),asm-analysis(No copyright
found),asm-commons(Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA; France Telecom. All
rights reserved.ï¿½),asm-debug-all(Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA; France
Telecom  * All rights reserved.),asm-tree(Copyright (c) 2000-2011 INRIA;
France Telecom),asm-util(No copyright found),asn1js(Copyright (c) 2014 
GMO GlobalSignCopyright (c) 2015  Peculiar
Ventures),async-listener(Copyright (c) 2013-2017; Forrest L NorvellAll
rights reserved.),avl_tree(Copyright (c) 2012;  Hiroshi Nakamura
<nahi@ruby-lang.org>All rights reserved.),b64(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014  WalmartCopyright (C) 1999 
Masanao Izumo <iz@onicos.co.jp>),babel-jest(Copyright (c) 2014-present;
Facebook; Inc. All rights reserved.),babel-plugin-istanbul(Copyright (c)
2016  Istanbul Code Coverage),babel-plugin-jest-hoist(Copyright (c)
2014-present; Facebook; Inc. All rights
reserved.),babel-preset-jest(Copyright (c) 2014-present; Facebook; Inc.
All rights reserved.),bcryptjs(Copyright (c) 2012 Nevins Bartolomeo;
Shane Girish; Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Wirtz),bcrypt-pbkdf(No copyright
found),boom(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart and other
contributors.),bossy(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Project contributors
Copyright (c) 2014  Walmart),buffer-equal-constant-time(Copyright (c)
2013  GoInstant Inc.  a salesforce.com company),call(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Project contributors; Copyright (c) 2014 
Walmart),canonical-json(Copyright (c) 2015; Mirko KieferAll rights
reserved.),catbox(Copyright (c) 2012-2017  Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2012-2014  Walmart),catbox-memory(Copyright (c) 2012-2016  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart),charenc(Copyright ï¿½ 2011 
Paul Vorbach. All rights reserved.Copyright ï¿½ 2009  Jeff Mott. All
rights reserved.),cmd-shim("Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
(""""Author"""")"),code(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Project contributors
Copyright (c) 2014  Walmart Copyright (c) 2011-2014 Jake
Luer),comparator(Copyright (c) 2002-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),configstore(Copyright Google),content(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 
Walmart),continuation-local-storage(Copyright (c) 2013-2016  Forrest L
Norvell <ogd@aoaioxxysz.net>),crypt(Copyright ï¿½ 2011  Paul Vorbach. All
rights reserved.Copyright ï¿½ 2009  Jeff Mott. All rights
reserved.),cryptiles(Copyright (c) 2014  Eran Hammer and other
contributors.),d3(Copyright (c) 2010-2015  Michael
Bostock),d3-cloud(Copyright (c) 2013  Jason
Davies.),d3-dispatch(Copyright 2010-2015 Mike
Bostock),dateutil(Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer
<gustavo@niemeyer.net> Copyright (c) 2012-2014 - Tomi Pievilï¿½inen
<tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi> Copyright (c) 2014      -Yaron de Leeuw
<me@jarondl.net>),diff(Copyright (c) 2009-2015  Kevin Decker
<kpdecker@gmail.com>),dnd-core(Copyright (c) 2015 Dan
Abramov),doctrine(Copyright (C) 2012; 2011 Ariya
Hidayat),domain_name(Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Akinori MUSHAAll rights
reserved.),domelementtype(Copyright (c) Felix BÌ¦hm),domhandler(Copyright
(c) Felix BÌ¦hm),domutils(Copyright (c) Felix BÌ¦hm),dotenv(Copyright (c)
2015  Scott Motte),dtrace-provider(Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All
rights reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.),duplexer2(Copyright (c) 2013  Deoxxa
Development),duplexer3(Copyright (c) 2013  Deoxxa
Development),easyrdf(Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Nicholas J
Humfrey),emitter-listener(No copyright found),entities(Copyright (c)
Felix Bï¿½hm),environment(Copyright (c) 2014-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),esapi(Copyright (c) 2007 - The OWASP
Foundation),escodegen(Copyright (c) 2009-2011; Mozilla Foundation and
contributors All rights reserved.),escodegen-wallaby(Copyright (c)
2009-2011  Mozilla Foundation and contributors),escope(Copyright (C)
2012-2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)),eslint-scope(Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors  https://js.foundationCopyright (C)
2012-2013 Yusuke Suzuki (twitter: @Constellation) and other
contributors.),espree(),esprima(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors; https://js.foundation/),esprima-fb(No copyright
found),esquery(Copyright (c) 2013  Joel Feenstra),esrecurse(Copyright
(C) 2014 [Yusuke
Suzuki](https://github.com/Constellation)),estraverse(Copyright (C)
2012-2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)),esutils(Copyright (C) 2013
[Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)),even-better(Copyright
(c) 2012-2014  Walmart and other contributors.),exenv(Copyright (c)
2013-2015  Facebook  Inc.),exporter(Copyright (c) 2002-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),fbjs(Copyright (c) 2013-2015  Facebook  Inc.),ffi(libffi -
Copyright (c) 1996-2011  Anthony Green  Red Hat  Inc and
others.Copyright (c) 2008-2016  Ruby FFI project
contributors),filesize(Copyright (c) 2017  Jason
Mulligan),find-rc(Copyright (c) 2016  Wyatt Preul),formatio(Copyright
(c) 2010-2012  Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no)
and),freetype(Copyright 1996-2016 by David Turner; Robert Wilhelm; and
Werner Lemberg.),global-state(Copyright (c) 2001-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),gocql(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 The gocql Authors),Golang
Dep(Copyright (c) 2014 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.),GoLLRB(Copyright (c) 2010; Petar
Maymounkov),good-squeeze(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart and other
contributors.),gorilla/handlers(Copyright (c) 2013 The Gorilla Handlers
Authors. All rights reserved.),gyp(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>),h2o2(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart and
other contributors.),hapi(Copyright (c) 2011-2016  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2011-2014  WalmartCopyright (c) 2011  Yahoo
Inc.),hapi-no-var(Copyright (c) 2017  Project
contributors),hawk(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Eran Hammer and other
contributors.),heavy(Copyright (c) 2013-2017  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2014  Walmart),highlight.js(Copyright (c)
2006  Ivan Sagalaev),history.js(Copyright (c) 2011; Benjamin Arthur
Lupton),hoek(Copyright (c) 2011-2014  Walmart and other
contributors.Copyright (c) 2011  Yahoo
Inc.),hoist-non-react-statics(Copyright (c) 2015  Yahoo! Inc. All rights
reserved.),http-cache-semantics(Copyright (c) Kornel Lesi?ski
<kornel@geekhood.net>),http-status(Copyright (c) 2008-2010  SARL
Adaltas.),ieee754(Copyright (c) 2008  Fair Oaks Labs 
Inc.),inert(Copyright (c) 2012-2016  Gil Pedersen and other
contributors.Copyright (c) 2012-2014 
Walmart.),intl-format-cache(Copyright 2014 Yahoo!
Inc.), idna (Copyright (c) 2013-2017, Kim Davies),
intl-messageformat(Copyright 2013 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) 2012 
Andreas Lind Petersen),intl-messageformat-parser(Copyright 2014 Yahoo!
Inc.Copyright 2014 Alex Sexton),intl-relativeformat(Copyright 2014
Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) 2012  Andreas Lind
Petersen),invariant(Copyright (c) 2016  Andres Suarez),iron(Copyright
(c) 2012-2017  Eran Hammer and Project contributors),isemail(Copyright ï¿½
2008-2011  Dominic SayersCopyright ï¿½ 2013-2014  GlobeSherpaCopyright ï¿½
2014-2015  Eli Skeggs),istanbul-lib-coverage(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo!
Inc.),istanbul-lib-hook(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo!
Inc.),istanbul-lib-instrument(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo!
Inc.),istanbul-lib-report(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo!
Inc.),istanbul-lib-source-maps(Copyright 2015 Yahoo!
Inc.),istanbul-reports(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.),items(Copyright
(c) 2014  Walmart and other contributors.Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Caolan
McMahon.),jemalloc(Copyright (C) 2002-2017 Jason Evans
<jasone@canonware.com>. All rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2007-2012
Mozilla Foundation. All rights reserved.Copyright (C) 2009-2017
Facebook; Inc. All rights reserved.),jest-diff(Copyright (c)
2014-present; Facebook; Inc. All rights
reserved.),jest-file-exists(Copyright (c) 2014-present; Facebook; Inc.
All rights reserved.),jest-matcher-utils(Copyright (c) 2014-present;
Facebook; Inc. All rights reserved.),jest-message-util(Copyright (c)
2014-present; Facebook; Inc. All rights reserved.),jest-mock(Copyright
(c) 2014-present; Facebook; Inc. All rights
reserved.),jest-snapshot(Copyright (c) 2014-present; Facebook; Inc. All
rights reserved.),jest-util(Copyright (c) 2014-present; Facebook; Inc.
All rights reserved.),jest-validate(Copyright (c) 2014-present;
Facebook; Inc. All rights reserved.),JGIT(Copyright (C) 2010; Google
Inc.),jline(Copyright (c) 2002-2012; the original author or authors. All
rights reserved.),joi(Copyright (c) 2012-2016  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 
Walmart),joi-date-extensions(Copyright (c) 2012-present  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart),jQuery Easing(Copyright ï¿½
2008 George McGinley Smith),js-base64(Copyright (c) 2014  Dan
Kogai),jsbn(* Copyright (c) 2003-2005  Tom Wu),JSch(Copyright (c)
2002-2012 ymnk; JCraft;Inc. All rights reserved.),jzlib(Copyright (c)
2000-2011 ymnk; JCraft;Inc. All rights reserved.),kilt(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 
Walmart),lab(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Wyatt Preul and other contributors
Copyright (c) 2013-2014  Walmart and other
contributors.),leaflet(Copyright (c) 2010-2013  Vladimir
AgafonkinCopyright (c) 2010-2011  CloudMade),libbsd(Guillem
Jover),libev4(Copyright: 2007-2012 Marc Alexander Lehmann
<libev@schmorp.de>),libressl(Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved.),libressl2.6-libcrypto(Copyright (c)
1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project. All rights
reserved.),libressl2.6-libssl(Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved.),libssh2(No Copyright found),libzip5(No
Copyright found),lolex(Copyright (c) 2010-2014  Christian Johansen 
christian@cjohansen.no. All rights reserved.),md5(Copyright ï¿½ 2011-2012 
Paul Vorbach.Copyright ï¿½ 2009  Jeff Mott.),mimos(Copyright (c) 2014-2016
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014  Walmart),mississippi(No
copyright found),netaddr(Copyright (c) 2008 by David P. D. Moss. All
rights reserved.),nginx-extras(Copyright (C) Igor Sysoev; Copyright (C)
Nginx; Inc.),nigel(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014  Walmart),node-forge(Copyright (c) 2010 
Digital Bazaar  Inc. Copyright (C) 1989  1991 Free Software Foundation 
Inc.),node-forge-flash(Copyright (c) 2010; Digital Bazaar; Inc.All
rights reserved.),node-pre-gyp(Copyright (c) 
Mapbox),normalize-package-data("Copyright (c) Meryn Stol
(""""Author"""")"),npm-install-checks("Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski and
Isaac Z. Schlueter (""""Authors"""")"),npm-user-validate(Copyright (c)
Robert Kowalski),nth-check(Copyright (c) Felix Bï¿½hm All rights
reserved.),oboe(Copyright (c) 2013  Jim Higson),OpenSSL(Copyright (c)
1998-2017 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.),pcre(Copyright (c)
1997-2017 University of Cambridge.; Copyright(c) 2010-2017 Zoltan
Herczeg; Copyright(c) 2009-2017 Zoltan Herczeg; Copyright (c) 2007-2012;
Google Inc. All rights reserved.),peekaboo(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2015  Walmart),pez(Copyright (c)
2014-2017  Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014  WalmartCopyright (c)
2011-2013 Felix Geisendï¿½rfer  Andrew Kelley),pgpass(No copyright
found),php-code-coverage(Copyright (c) 2009-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),php-console-color(Copyright (c) 2014-2016; Jakub
Onderka),phpdotenv(Copyright (c) 2013; Vance
Lucas),php-file-iterator(Copyright (c) 2009-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),php-jwt(Copyright (c) 2011; Neuman Vong),php-parser(Copyright
(c) 2011 by Nikita Popov.),php-text-template(Copyright (c) 2009-2015;
Sebastian Bergmann),php-timer(Copyright (c) 2010-2018; Sebastian
Bergmann),php-token-stream(Copyright (c) 2009-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),phpunit(Copyright (c) 2001-2018; Sebastian
Bergmann),phpunit-mock-objects(Copyright (c) 2002-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann),pkijs(Copyright (c) 2014  GMO GlobalSignCopyright (c) 2015 
Peculiar Ventures),podium(Copyright (c) 2016-2017  Project
contributors),prop-types(Copyright (c) 2013-present  Facebook 
Inc.),puma(Copyright (c) 2011  Evan Phoenix),python-dateutil(Copyright
(c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer <gustavo@niemeyer.net>Copyright (c)
2012-2014 - Tomi Pievilï¿½inen <tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi>Copyright (c)
2014-2016 - Yaron de Leeuw <me@jarondl.net>Copyright (c) 2015-     -
Paul Ganssle <paul@ganssle.io>All rights reserved.),qs(Copyright (c)
2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.),raven(copyright: (c)
2010-2012 by the Sentry Team; see AUTHORS for more
details.),raven-aiohttp(Copyright (c) 2015 Functional Software; Inc and
individual contributors.),raven-python(Copyright (c) 2015 Functional
Software; Inc and individual contributors  Copyright: (c) 2010-2012 by
the Sentry Team  Copyright: (c) 2010-2013 by the Sentry Team copyright:
(c) 2010-2013 by the Sentry Team copyright: (c) 2012 by the Sentry Team
:copyright: (c) 2013 by the Sentry Team opyright: (c) 2010-2016 by the
Sentry Team copyright:(c) 2010-2016 by the Sentry Team),react(Copyright
(c) 2013-present  Facebook  Inc.),react-addons-shallow-compare(Copyright
(c) 2013-present  Facebook  Inc.),react-addons-test-utils(Copyright (c)
2013-present  Facebook  Inc.),react-dnd-html5-backend(Copyright (c) 2015
Dan Abramov),react-dom(Copyright (c) 2013-present  Facebook 
Inc.),react-intl(Copyright 2014 Yahoo
Inc.),react-transition-group(Copyright (c) 2016; React Community Forked
from React (https://github.com/facebook/react) Copyright 2013-present;
Facebook; Inc.All rights reserved.),recursion-context(Copyright (c)
2002-2017; Sebastian Bergmann),redbean(Written by Gabor de Mooij
(G.J.G.T de Mooij) Copyright (c) 2016.),reftools(Copyright (c) 2017 
Mike Ralphson),regenerator(Copyright (c) 2014  Facebook 
Inc.),regenerator-transform(No copyright found),regjsparser(Copyright
(c) Julian Viereck and Contributors; All Rights Reserved.),rubyzip(No
copyright found),samsam(Copyright (c) 2010-2012  Christian Johansen 
christian@cjohansen.no and),scmp(Copyright (c) 2014; Sean LavineAll
rights reserved.),semver("Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
(""""Author"""")"),shelljs(Copyright (c) 2012  Artur Adib
<aadib@mozilla.com>),shimmer(No copyright found),shot(Copyright (c)
2012-2016  Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 
Walmart),sinon(Copyright (c) 2010-2017  Christian Johansen 
christian@cjohansen.no),Click (Copyright (c) 2014 by Armin Ronacher),
copy-jdk-configs (Copyright (c) 2015 Red Hat inc.),
css-select (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), css-what (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm),
Snappy*(Copyright (c) 2011 The Snappy-Go
Authors),sntp(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Eran Hammer and other
contributors.),source-map(Copyright (c) 2009-2011  Mozilla Foundation
and contributors),sprintf-js(Copyright (c) 2007-2014  Alexandru
Marasteanu <hello [at) alexei (dot] ro>),statehood(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 
Walmart),subtext(Copyright (c) 2012-2017  Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2012-2014  Walmart),swagger2openapi(Copyright (c) 2016  Mermade
Software),swagger-ui-express(Copyright Stephen Scott),table(Copyright
(c) 2016  Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/)),tar-pack(Copyright (c)
2014  Forbes Lindesay),Template Toolkit*(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors.),topo(Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Walmart and other
contributors.),tough-cookie(Copyright (c) 2015  Salesforce.com 
Inc.),twig(Copyright (c) 2009-2017 by the Twig Team),uglify-js(Copyright
2012-2013 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>),unf(Copyright (c)
2011  2012 Akinori MUSHA),update-notifier(No copyright statement
found),uri-js(Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights
reserved.),version(Copyright (c) 2013-2015; Sebastian
Bergmann),vise(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2014  Walmart),vision(Copyright (c) 2012-2015  Walmart and other
contributors.),voluptuous(Copyright (c) 2010; Alec
Thomas),warning(Copyright (c) 2013-2015  Facebook  Inc.),wreck(Copyright
(c) 2012-2017  Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 
Walmart),xss-filters(Copyright (c) 2015  Yahoo! Inc.  All rights
reserved.),yeoman-assert(Copyright (c) Google),yeoman-environment(No
copyright found),yeoman-generator(Copyright (c)
Google),zend-diactoros(Copyright (c) 2015-2016; Zend Technologies USA;
Inc.),zend-escaper(Copyright (c) 2005-2015; Zend Technologies USA;
Inc.),zend-feed(Copyright (c) 2005-2016; Zend Technologies USA;
Inc.),zend-stdlib(Copyright (c) 2005-2015; Zend Technologies USA; Inc.),
libgd-GD_2_0_33-0/src/README-JPEG.TXT (Copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane),
JSch:BSD-Equivalent (Copyright (c) 2002-2015 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc.), JSch Agent
Proxy (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Atsuhiko Yamanaka, JCraft,Inc.), MarkupSafe 
(Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher and contributors), snowball-stemmer
(Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Martin Porter, Copyright (c) 2002, Richard Boulton),
ST4 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Terence Parr), XStream (Copyright (c) 2003-2006, Joe Walnes
Copyright (c) 2006-2015 XStream Committers), futures (Copyright 2009 Brian Quinlan),
nginx(Copyright (C) Igor Sysoev; Copyright (C) Nginx;
Inc.),libssh2(Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Sara Golemon <sarag@libssh2.org>;
* Copyright (c) 2005;2006 Mikhail Gusarov <dottedmag@dottedmag.net>; *
Copyright (c) 2006-2007 The Written Word; Inc.; * Copyright (c) 2007 Eli
Fant <elifantu@mail.ru>; * Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Daniel Stenberg;*
Copyright (C) 2008; 2009 Simon Josefsson),bzip2-libs(Copyright (C)
1996-2010 Julian Seward <jseward@bzip.org>;),file-libs(Copyright (c) Ian
F. Darwin 1986; 1987; 1989; 1990; 1991; 1992; 1994; 1995.;Software
written by Ian F. Darwin),javapackages-tools;(Copyright (c) 2011-2013
Red Hat; Inc),libpwquality((C) 1989; 1991 Free Software
Foundation),p11-kit(Stef Walter
<stefw@collabora.co.uk>),p11-kit-trust(Stef Walter
<stefw@collabora.co.uk>),pam(Copyright (c) Andrew G. Morgan
<morgan@ftp.kernel.org>),passwd(Copyright:;Parts of this software are
copyright 1988 - 1994; Julianne Frances Haugh.;Parts of this software
are copyright 1997 - 2001; Marek Micha?kiewicz.;Parts of this software
are copyright 2001 - 2004; Andrzej Krzysztofowicz;Parts of this software
are copyright 2000 - 2007; Tomasz K?oczko.),pcre((c) 1997-2012
University of Cambridge),python-javapackages(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Red
Hat; Inc.),python-lxml(Copyright (c) 2004 Infrae),curl(Copyright:
1996-2015; Daniel Stenberg <daniel@haxx.se>),libcurl3(Copyright:
1996-2015; Daniel Stenberg
<daniel@haxx.se>),libheimbase1-heimdal(;Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libheimntlm0-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),nginx-common(Copyright: 2002-2014 Igor Sysoev;          
2011-2014 Nginx; Inc.;                     Maxim Dounin;                
Valentin V. Bartenev;                     Roman Arutyunyan;             
Ruslan Ermilov),nginx-core(Copyright: 2002-2014 Igor Sysoev;          
2011-2014 Nginx; Inc.;                     Maxim Dounin;                
Valentin V. Bartenev;                     Roman Arutyunyan;             
Ruslan Ermilov),libvpx3(Copyright (c) 2010; Google; Inc.;    Copyright
(c) 2010 The VP8 project authors.),iputils-ping(Copyright (c) 1989 The
Regents of the University of California.),iputils-tracepath(Copyright
(c) 1989 The Regents of the University of
California.),libheimbase1-heimdal:amd64(;Copyright (c) 1996-2000
Kungliga Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libheimntlm0-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libkrb5-3:amd64(Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.),libkrb5support0:amd64(Copyright (C) 1985-2014
by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.),libpcre3:amd64(Copyright
(c) 1997-2007 University of Cambridge; Copyright (c) 2007; Google
Inc.),strace(Copyright (c) 1991; 1992 Paul Kranenburg
<pk@cs.few.eur.nl>;Copyright (c) 1993 Branko Lankester
<branko@hacktic.nl>;Copyright (c) 1993 Ulrich Pegelow
<pegelow@moorea.uni-muenster.de>;Copyright (c) 1995; 1996 Michael
Elizabeth Chastain <mec@duracef.shout.net>;Copyright (c) 1993; 1994;
1995; 1996 Rick Sladkey <jrs@world.std.com>;Copyright (C) 1998-2003
Wichert Akkerman <wakkerma@deephackmode.org>;Copyright (c) 2002-2008
Roland McGrath  <roland@redhat.com>;Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Dmitry V.
Levin <ldv@altlinux.org>;Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Jan Kratochvil 
<jan.kratochvil@redhat.com>),uidmap(Parts of this software are copyright
1988 - 1994; Julianne Frances Haugh.;Parts of this software are
copyright 1997 - 2001; Marek MichaÅ‚kiewicz.;Parts of this software are
copyright 2001 - 2004; Andrzej Krzysztofowicz;Parts of this software are
copyright 2000 - 2007; Tomasz KÅ‚oczko.),libmagic1(Copyright: 1985-1995
Ian F. Darwin;           1994-2016 Christos Zoulas
<christos@zoulas.com>),libmagic-mgc(Copyright: 1985-1995 Ian F. Darwin; 
1994-2016 Christos Zoulas <christos@zoulas.com>),file(Copyright:
1985-1995 Ian F. Darwin;           1994-2014 Christos Zoulas
<christos@zoulas.com>),libdebconfclient0:amd64(copyrighted (c) 2000-2009
by Randolph Chung <tausq@debian.org>;;the d-i team (see above); and
Canonical Ltd.),libmagic1:amd64(Copyright: 1985-1995 Ian F. Darwin;     
1994-2014 Christos Zoulas <christos@zoulas.com>),shim(Copyright: 2012
Red Hat; Inc; 2009-2012 Intel Corporation),libnfsidmap2(Copyright (c)
2004 The Regents of the University of Michigan.),libp11-kit0(Copyright:
2011 Collabora Ltd.),libpam0g(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan R?korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren
Tucker),libpam-modules(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan R?korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren
Tucker),libpam-modules-bin(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan R?korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren
Tucker),libpam-runtime(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan R?korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren Tucker),libpcre3(Copyright
(c) 1997-2007 University of Cambridge),tcpdump(Torsten
Landschoff;<torsten@debian.org> and Romain Francoise
<rfrancoise@debian.org>.),libbsd0:amd64(Copyright Â© 2004-2006; 2008-2015
Guillem Jover <guillem@hadrons.org>),libcap2:amd64(Copyright: 1997-2014
Andrew G. Morgan <morgan@linux.kernel.org>),libcap2-bin(Copyright:
1997-2014 Andrew G. Morgan
<morgan@linux.kernel.org>),libdb5.3:amd64(Copyright (c) 1990; 2010
Oracle and/or its affiliates),libdumbnet1:amd64(Copyright (c) 2000-2006
Dug Song <dugsong@monkey.org>),libedit2:amd64(opyright (c) 1992; 1993; 
The Regents of the University of
California),libevent-2.0-5:amd64(Copyright 2000-2002 Niels Provos
<provos@citi.umich.edu>),libp11-kit0:amd64(Copyright: 2011 Collabora
Ltd.),libpam0g:amd64(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan RÄ™korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren
Tucker),libpam-modules:amd64(Copyright (C) 1994; 1995; 1996 Olaf Kirch;
<okir@monad.swb.de>;Copyright (C) 1995 Wietse Venema;Copyright (C) 1995;
2001-2008 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright (C) 1996-1999; 2000-2003; 2005 Andrew
G. Morgan <morgan@kernel.org>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1997; 1999 Cristian
Gafton <gafton@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 1996; 1999 Theodore
Ts'o;Copyright (C) 1996 Alexander O. Yuriev;Copyright (C) 1996 Elliot
Lee;Copyright (C) 1997 Philip W. Dalrymple <pwd@mdtsoft.com>;Copyright
(C) 1999 Jan RÄ™korajski;Copyright (C) 1999 Ben Collins
<bcollins@debian.org>;Copyright (C) 2000-2001; 2003; 2005; 2007 Steve
Langasek;Copyright (C) 2003; 2005 IBM Corporation;Copyright (C) 2003;
2006 SuSE Linux AG.;Copyright (C) 2003 Nalin Dahyabhai
<nalin@redhat.com>;Copyright (C) 2005-2008 Thorsten Kukuk
<kukuk@thkukuk.de>;Copyright (C) 2005 Darren
Tucker),libpcap0.8:amd64(Copyright (C) 1993-2008 The Regents of the
University of California.),python3-idna(Copyright: 2013-2015 Kim
Davies),python3-markupsafe(Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher and
contributors),python-idna(Copyright: 2013-2015 Kim
Davies),bsdmainutils(Copyright (C) 1980 -1998 The Regents of the
University of California.),libsasl2-2:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998-2003
Carnegie Mellon University),libsasl2-modules:amd64(Copyright (c)
1998-2003 Carnegie Mellon
University),libsasl2-modules-db:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998-2003 Carnegie
Mellon University),telnet(Copyright (c) 1981; 1983; 1988; 1989; 1990;
1991; 1993 The Regents of the University of California.;Copyright (c)
1995; 2000 David A. Holland;Copyright (c) 1994 Peter Tobias
(issue.net(5));Copyright (c) 1983; 1995 Eric P. Allman
(setproctitle.[ch]);Copyright (c) 1994; 1995 Christopher G. Demetriou
(setproctitle.3)),klibc-utils(Copyright ï¿½ The Regents of the University
of California),libklibc(Copyright ï¿½ The Regents of the University of
California),nginx(Copyright (C) 2002-2018 Igor Sysoev; * Copyright (C)
2011-2018 Nginx; Inc.),libgssapi-krb5-2(Copyright (C) 1985-2016 by the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.),liblz4-1(Copyright (C)
2011-2015; Yann Collet),debconf(Copyright: 1999-2010 Joey Hess
<joeyh@debian.org>;           2003 Tomohiro KUBOTA <kubota@debian.org>; 
2004-2010 Colin Watson <cjwatson@debian.org>),debconf-i18n(Copyright:
1999-2010 Joey Hess <joeyh@debian.org>;           2003 Tomohiro KUBOTA
<kubota@debian.org>;           2004-2010 Colin Watson
<cjwatson@debian.org>),file(Copyright: 1985-1995 Ian F. Darwin;         
1994-2014 Christos Zoulas
<christos@zoulas.com>),libdebconfclient0(copyrighted (c) 2000-2009 by
Randolph Chung <tausq@debian.org>),shim-signed(Copyright: 2012 Red Hat;
Inc; 2009-2012 Intel Corporation),krb5-locales(Copyright (C) 1985-2014
by the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.),libmpdec2:amd64(Copyright: Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Stefan
Krah),cyrus-sasl-lib(/* CMU libsasl; * Tim Martin; * Rob Earhart; * Rob
Siemborski; */;/* ; * Copyright (c) 1998-2003 Carnegie Mellon
University),libdb(Copyright (c) 1990; 2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates),libdb-utils(Copyright (c) 1990; 2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates),libssh2(Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Sara Golemon
<sarag@libssh2.org>;Copyright (c) 2007 Eli Fant
<elifantu@mail.ru>;Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Daniel Stenberg;Copyright (C)
2008; 2009 Simon Josefsson),libasn1-8-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000
Kungliga Tekniska Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libdb5.3(Copyright (c) 1990; 2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates),libhcrypto4-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libhdb9-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libheimbase1-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libhx509-5-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libkrb5-26-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libroken18-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libwind0-heimdal(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska
Hï¿½gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),bsd-mailx(Copyright: ï¿½ 1980; 1993 The Regents of the University
of California),libbsd0(Copyright ï¿½ 2004-2006; 2008-2015 Guillem Jover
<guillem@hadrons.org>),libedit2(Copyright (c) 1992; 1993;  The Regents
of the University of California.),libevent-2.0-5(Copyright 2000-2002
Niels Provos <provos@citi.umich.edu>),libvorbis0a(Copyright (c) 2002;
Xiph.org Foundation),libvorbisenc2(Copyright (c) 2002; Xiph.org
Foundation),passwd(Copyright:;Parts of this software are copyright 1988
- 1994; Julianne Frances Haugh.;Parts of this software are copyright
1997 - 2001; Marek Micha?kiewicz.;Parts of this software are copyright
2001 - 2004; Andrzej Krzysztofowicz;Parts of this software are copyright
2000 - 2007; Tomasz K?oczko.),rpcbind(Copyright (c) Copyright (c) Bull
S.A.  2005),libgssapi3-heimdal(;Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libp11-kit0(Copyright: 2011 Collabora Ltd.),libwebp5(Copyright
(C) 2010; Google Inc.),libwebp6(Copyright (C) 2010; Google
Inc.),ftp(Copyright: 1985; 1989; 1990; The Regents of the University of
California.),libasn1-8-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libgssapi3-heimdal:amd64(;Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libgssapi-krb5-2:amd64(Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.),libhcrypto4-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libhx509-5-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libk5crypto3:amd64(Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.),libkrb5-26-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c)
1996-2000 Kungliga Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology;
Stockholm; Sweden)),libroken18-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000
Kungliga Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),libwind0-heimdal:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2000 Kungliga
Tekniska HÃ¶gskolan;(Royal Institute of Technology; Stockholm;
Sweden)),login(Copyright:;Parts of this software are copyright 1988 -
1994; Julianne Frances Haugh.;Parts of this software are copyright 1997
- 2001; Marek MichaÅ‚kiewicz.;Parts of this software are copyright 2001 -
2004; Andrzej Krzysztofowicz;Parts of this software are copyright 2000 -
2007; Tomasz KÅ‚oczko.),netcat-openbsd(Copyright: 2001 Eric Jackson
<ericj@monkey.org>),python3-configobj(Copyright: 2005-2010; Michael
Foord; Mark Andrews; Nicola Larosa;           2014; Eli Courtwright
<eli@courtwright.org>;           2014; Rob Dennis
<rdennis@gmail.com>),python3-jinja2(Copyright (c) 2009-2011 by the Jinja
Team; see AUTHORS for more details),python3-jsonpatch(Copyright: 2012;
Stefan KÃ¶gl <stefan@skoegl.net>),python3-json-pointer(Copyright: 2012;
Stefan KÃ¶gl <stefan@skoegl.net>),python3-oauthlib(Copyright: 2011; Idan
Gazit),python3-prettytable(Copyright (c) 2009-2013; Luke Maurits
<luke@maurits.id.au>),python-enum34(Copyright (c) 2013; Ethan
Furman),python-jinja2(Copyright (c) 2009-2011 by the Jinja
Team),python-markupsafe(;Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher and
contributors),libsasl2-2(Copyright: 1998-2003; Carnegie Mellon
University),libsasl2-modules-db(Copyright: 1998-2003; Carnegie Mellon
University),bzip2(copyright (C) 1996-2010 Julian R Seward),
ansible-sphinx javascript (Copyright 2007-2011 by the Sphinx team,),
array-var-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2009-2016, Yichun Zhang (agentzh)
&lt;agentzh@gmail.com&gt;, CloudFlare Inc.), context (Copyright (c) 2012
Rodrigo Moraes. All rights reserved.), d3-interpolate (Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock), Dictionary (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors),
domhandler-2.4.2 (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), drizzle-nginx-module
(Copyright (C) 2009-2014, by Xiaozhe Wang (chaoslawful)
<chaoslawful@gmail.com>.  Copyright (C) 2009-2017, by Yichun "agentzh"
Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.  Copyright (C)
2010-2014, by FRiCKLE Piotr Sikora <info@frickle.com>, Google Inc.),
echo-nginx-module (Copyright (C) 2009-2014, Yichun "agentzh" Zhang
<agentzh@gmail.com>. All rights reserved.),
encrypted-session-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2009-2017, Yichun Zhang
(agentzh) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.), Esprima (node)
(Copyright (c) jQuery Foundation, Inc. and Contributors, All Rights
Reserved.), futures (Python) (Copyright 2009 Brian Quinlan . All rights
reserved.), go-metrics (Copyright 2012 Richard Crowley. All rights
reserved.), gorelic(Copyright (c) 2013 Yuriy Vasiyarov. All rights reserved.), 
grpc-gateway
(Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc.), handlers (Copyright (c) 2013 The
Gorilla Handlers Authors. All rights reserved.),
headers-more-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2009-2017, Yichun "agentzh"
Zhang, OpenResty Inc.  Copyright (c) 2010-2013, Bernd Dorn.),
iconv-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2010-2016, Calio, Copyright (c)
2010-2016, Yichun Zhang, All rights reserved.), ieee754-1.1.11
(Copyright (c) 2008 Fair Oaks Labs Inc.), libonig2 (Copyright: 2002-2014
K.Kosako  <sndgk393 AT ybb DOT ne DOT jp>), Lua Nginx Module (Copyright
(C) 2009-2017, by Xiaozhe Wang, Copyright (C) 2009-2017, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang ,Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Daniele Alessandri,  Copyright
(c) 2007-2008 Neil Richardson), lua-redis-parser (Copyright (C)
2009-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang (ç« äº¦æ˜¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>,
OpenResty Inc. All rights reserved.), lua-resty-core (Copyright (C)
2013-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang, OpenResty Inc. All rights
reserved.), lua-resty-dns (Copyright (C) 2012-2017, by Yichun "agentzh"
Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc. All rights
reserved.), lua-resty-limit-traffic (Copyright (C) 2015-2017, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang, OpenResty Inc. All rights reserved.), Lua-resty-lock
(Copyright (C) 2013-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang, OpenResty Inc.),
Lua-resty-lrucache (Copyright (C) 2014-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang,
OpenResty Inc. Copyright (C) 2014-2017, by Shuxin Yang. All rights
reserved.), Lua-resty-memcached (Copyright (C) 2012-2016, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, CloudFlare Inc. All
rights reserved.), lua-resty-mysql (Copyright (C) 2012-2017, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.),
lua-resty-redis (Copyright (C) 2012-2016, by Yichun Zhang (agentzh)
<agentzh@gmail.com>, CloudFlare Inc. All rights reserved.),
lua-resty-string (Copyright (C) 2012-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang
(ç« äº¦æ˜¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.All rights reserved.),
lua-resty-upload (Copyright (C) 2012-2016, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang
(ç« äº¦æ˜¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, CloudFlare Inc.),
Lua-resty-upstream-healthcheck (Copyright (C) 2014-2017, by Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang, OpenResty Inc.), lua-resty-websocket (Copyright (C)
2013-2016, by Yichun Zhang (agentzh) <agentzh@gmail.com>, CloudFlare
Inc.), Maxim Dounin's upstream_keepalive module (copyrighted by Maxim
Dounin.), memc-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2009-2016, Yichun "agentzh"
Zhang (Ã§Â« Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.), my_package (No
Copyright found), ngx_devel_kit (Copyright (c) 2010-2015, Marcus Clyne),
ngx_postgres (Copyright (c) 2010-2017, FRiCKLE Piotr Sikora
<info@frickle.com> Copyright (c) 2009-2017, Xiaozhe Wang
<chaoslawful@gmail.com> Copyright (c) 2009-2017, Yichun Zhang
<agentzh@gmail.com>), node-getopt (Copyright (c) 1987-2001 The Regents
of the University of California), nodejs-inspector-protocol (Copyright
2014 The Chromium Authors.), nodejs-jinja2 (Copyright (c) 2009 by the
Jinja Team,), nodejs-markupsafe (Copyright (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher
and contributors), nodejs-strongtalk (Copyright (c) 1994-2006 Sun
Microsystems Inc.), nodejs-V8 (Copyright 2006-2011, the V8 project
authors), nodejs-vtune (Copyright(c) 2005-2012 Intel Corporation),
oauth2 (Copyright (c) 2009 The oauth2 Authors. All rights reserved.),
oboe-2.1.4 (Copyright (c) 2013 Jim Higson), opm (Copyright (C)
2016-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang (Ã§Â« Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>,
OpenResty Inc.), oxset.go (Copyright 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), protobuf (Copyright 2010 The Go Authors.), raven_aiohttp
(Copyright (c) 2015 Functional Software, Inc and individual
contributors.), RDFLib (Copyright (c) 2002-2005, Daniel Krech,
http://eikeon.com/), rds-csv-nginx-module (Copyright (C) 2011-2017,
Yichun "agentzh" Zhang (ç« äº¦æ˜¥) &lt;agentzh@gmail.com&gt;, OpenResty Inc.),
rds-json-nginx-module (Copyright (C) 2009-2017, Yichun Zhang (agentzh)
&lt;agentzh@gmail.com&gt;, OpenResty Inc.), README.md (Copyright (c)
2013, Samuel Stauffer <samuel@descolada.com> All rights reserved.),
redis2-nginx-module (Copyright (C) 2010-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang
(Ã§Â« Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦ËœÂ¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, OpenResty Inc.), resty-cli (Copyright
(C) 2014-2016, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang (ç« äº¦æ˜¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>,
CloudFlare Inc. Copyright (C) 2014-2016, by Guanlan Dai
<guanlan@cloudflare.com>, CloudFlare Inc.), set-misc-nginx-module
(Copyright (C) 2009-2016, Yichun Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>,
CloudFlare Inc.), srcache-nginx-module (Copyright (c) 2010-2016, Yichun
"agentzh" Zhang (Ã§Â«Â Ã¤ÂºÂ¦Ã¦Â˜Â¥) <agentzh@gmail.com>, CloudFlare Inc.),
test_config (No copyright found), xss-nginx-module (Copyright (C)
2009-2015 by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang (ç« äº¦æ˜¥) &lt;agentzh@gmail.com&gt;), 
ansible-moduleutils (Ansible Project,  Gaudenz Steinlin <gaudenz.steinlin@cloudscale.ch>,  
RenÃ© Moser <mail@renemoser.net>, Toshio Kuratomi <tkuratomi@ansible.com> 2016, Google Inc, 2017,  
DeHaan <michael.dehaan@gmail.com>, 2014, and others ), nodejs-binutils (Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors),
lua-resty-core (Copyright (C) 2013-2017, by Yichun "agentzh" Zhang, OpenResty Inc. All rights reserved.),
libbz2 (copyright (C) 1996-2010 Julian R Seward), libwebp (Copyright (c) 2010, Google Inc.),
cls-hooked( Copyright (c) 2013-2016  Forrest L Norvell <ogd@aoaioxxysz.net> ),
mock-spawn( Copyright 2014 Yahoo! Inc. ),
ace-builds(Copyright (c) 2010  Ajax.org
B.V.),code-unit-reverse-lookup("Copyright (c)
2016-2017),crypto(Copyright 2015 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.),d3-array(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-axis(Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-brush(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-chord(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-collection(Copyright 2010-2016  Mike
Bostock),d3-color(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-drag(Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-dsv(Copyright 2013-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-ease(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike BostockCopyright 2001 Robert
Penner),d3-force(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-format(Copyright
2010-2015 Mike Bostock),d3-geo(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike BostockCopyright
(c) 2008-2012  Charles Karney),d3-hierarchy(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-path(Copyright 2015-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-polygon(Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-quadtree(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-queue(Copyright (c) 2012-2016  Michael
Bostock),d3-random(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-request(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-scale(Copyright
2010-2015 Mike Bostock),d3-selection(Copyright (c) 2010-2018  Michael
Bostock),d3-shape(Copyright 2010-2015 Mike Bostock),d3-time(Copyright
2010-2016 Mike Bostock),d3-time-format(Copyright 2010-2017 Mike
Bostock),d3-timer(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),d3-transition(Copyright (c) 2010-2015  Michael BostockCopyright
2001 Robert Penner),d3-voronoi(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike BostockCopyright
(C) 2010-2013 Raymond Hill),d3-zoom(Copyright 2010-2016 Mike
Bostock),extract-zip(Copyright (c) 2014 Max Ogden and other
contributors),fsnotify(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 fsnotify Authors. All rights
reserved.),go-difflib("Copyright (c) 2013),golang-sys(Copyright (c) 2009
The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),gorilla context(Copyright 2012 The
Gorilla Authors. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes.
All rights reserved.),iter(Copyright (c) 2013 by Nikita
Popov.),libssh2-1("Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Sara Golemon
<sarag@libssh2.org>),manifest("Copyright (c) 2016 Arne Blankerts
<arne@blankerts.de>),mux(Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes. All rights
reserved.),nise(Copyright (c) 2010-2017  Christian Johansen 
christian@cjohansen.no),nw-pre-gyp-module-test(No Copyrights
Found),object-enumerator("Copyright (c)
2016-2017),object-reflector("Copyright (c) 2017),oboe(Copyright (c) 2013
Jim Higson),phar-updater("Copyright (c) 2015),php_codesniffer("Copyright
(c) 2012),pretty-format("Copyright:Copyright (c) 2014-present),Protobuf
(Google Protocol Buffers)*("Copyright (c)
2013),resource-operations("Copyright (c) 2015),rw(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Michael Bostock),sourcemap(Copyright (c) 2014 Richard Musiol.
All rights reserved.),taffydb(No copyright found),tokenizer(Copyright
(c) 2017 Arne Blankerts <arne@blankerts.de> and contributors All rights
reserved.),vfsStream("Copyright (c) 2007-2015),xtgo-uuid(Copyright (c)
2012 The gocql Authors. All rights reserved.),yarn("Copyright (c)
2016-present), (Ruby Gem) Puma (Some code copyright (c) 2005, Zed Shaw Copyright (c)
2011, Evan Phoenix All rights reserved.), @elastic/leaflet-draw 0.2.3
(Copyright 2012 Jacob Toye), @elastic/leaflet-heat 0.1.3 (Copyright (c)
2014 Vladimir Agafonkin), @sinonjs/formatio 2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2010-2012 Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no) and), ace-builds
(Copyright (c) 2010 Ajax.org B.V.), alecthomas/template (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), amdefine (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 The Dojo Foundation), antlr4 4.7.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2017
The ANTLR Project. All rights reserved.), api (Copyright (c) 2011-2014
Google Inc. All rights reserved.), ArchiveTar (Copyright (c) 1997 - 2008
Vincent Blavet), babel-jest (Copyright (c) 2014-present; Facebook;
Inc.), babel-plugin-istanbul (Copyright (c) 2016 Istanbul Code
Coverage), bcrypt-pbkdf (Copyright 1997 Niels Provos and Copyright (c)
2013 Ted Unangst and Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc), cached-property 1.4.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Daniel Greenfeld), Commons-Compiler (Copyright (c)
2016, Arno Unkrig), composer-patches (Copyright 2013 Cameron Eagans),
configstore (Copyright (c) Google Inc), cssselect v0.7.1 (Not Found),
d3-interpolate (Copyright 2010-2016 Mike Bostock),
domain_name-0.5.201804 (Copyright (C) 2011, 2012, 2013 Akinori MUSHA,
All rights reserved.), domhandler (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), domutils
(Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), dtrace-provider (Copyright 2012 Chris
Andrews.), easyrdf 0.9.1 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Nicholas J Humfrey.
All rights reserved.), elazarl/go-bindata-assetfs ("Copyright (c) 2014,
Elazar Leibovich All rights reserved."), elazarl/go-bindata/assetfs
(Copyright (c) 2014, Elazar Leibovich), elazarl/goproxy/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2012 Elazar Leibovich. All rights reserved.), entities
(Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), enum34 (Copyright (c) 2013 Ethan Furman.),
escodegen-wallaby 1.6.19 (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and
contributors), escope (Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Yusuke Suzuki),
eslint-scope (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors and
Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Yusuke Suzuki and other contributors.), esprima
(Copyright (c) jQuery Foundation Inc. and Contributors All Rights
Reserved.), estraverse (Copyright (C) 2012-2016?Yusuke Suzuki), esutils
(Copyright (C) 2012-2016?Yusuke Suzuki), evanphx/json-patch (Copyright
(c) 2014, Evan Phoenix), evanphx/json-patch/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2014,
Evan Phoenix All rights reserved.), exenv (Copyright (c) 2013-2015
Facebook Inc.), extract-zip (Copyright (c) 2014 Max Ogden and other
contributors), fix.go: appengine 1.1.0 (Copyright 2011 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved), fsnotify (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. &
Copyright (c) 2012 fsnotify Authors), glob-to-regexp (Copyright (c) 2013
Nick Fitzgerald), go-difflib (Copyright (c) 2013, Patrick Mezard All
rights reserved.), go-kit (Copyright (c) 2015 Peter Bourgon), go-stdlib
(Copyright (c) 2016, opentracing-contrib All rights reserved.),
go-zookeeper (Copyright (c) 2013, Samuel Stauffer <samuel@descolada.com>
All rights reserved.), gogo/protobuf (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo
Authors. Copyright 2010 The Go Authors.), gogo/protobuf/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights reserved. Copyright
2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), goland.org/x/sync: dep 0.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved), golang
(Copyright 2009 - 2015 The Go Authors.), golang.org/x (Copyright (c)
2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), golang.org/x/sync (Copyright
(c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), golang/protobuf
(Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), gopkg.in/inf.v0
("Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved."), gopkg.in/inf.v0/LICENSE (Copyright (c)
2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), GPRC (Copyright 2014, Google Inc.), grpc-gateway
(Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc. All rights reserved.), grpc-gateway
1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc. All rights reserved.),
grpc_prometheus (Copyright 2016 Michal Witkowski.), hashtable (Copyright
(c) 2002, 2004, Christopher Clark All rights reserved.), hawk 7.0.7
(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Eran Hammer and Project contributors), hoek
(Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2011-2014
WalmartCopyright (c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.), hoist-non-react-statics
(Copyright (c) 2015 Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.),
http-cache-semantics 3.8.0 (Copyright 2016-2018 Kornel Lesi?ski),
http-status (Copyright (c) 2008-2010 SARL Adaltas.), http-status 1.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2008-2010 SARL Adaltas.), httprouter (Copyright 2013
Julien Schmidt. & Copyright 2009 The Go Authors.), ieee754 (Copyright
(c) 2008 Fair Oaks Labs Inc.), imdario/mergo ("Copyright (c) 2013 Dario
CastaÃ±Ã©. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved."), inf.v0 (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions
Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), isemail
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Eli Skeggs and Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2013-2014 GlobeSherpaCopyright (c) 2008-2011 Dominic Sayers),
istanbul-lib-coverage (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.),
istanbul-lib-instrument (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.), Janino
(Copyright: (c) 2001-2016, Arno Unkrig and Copyright (c) 2015-2016 
TIBCO Software Inc. All rights reserved), jline (Copyright (c)
2002-2006, Marc Prud'hommeaux <mwp1@cornell.edu>), joi (Copyright (c)
2012-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart), jsDump
1.0.0: uri-js 4.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2008 Ariel Flesler -
aflesler(at)gmail(dot)com http://flesler.blogspot.com), lolex (Copyright
(c) 2010-2014 Christian Johansen christian@cjohansen.no. All rights
reserved.), MD5 Message Digest Algorithm 2.2: uuid 3.3.2 ((C) Paul
Johnston 1999 - 2009 Other contributors: Greg Holt, Andrew Kepert,
Ydnar, Lostinet.), Mergo (Copyright 2013 Dario CastaÃ±Ã© & Copyright 2009
The Go Authors), MIB Definition files (Copyright (c) 2009 IETF Trust and
the persons identified as authors of the code.  All rights reserved.),
miekg/dns (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.
Extensions of the original work are copyright (c) 2011 Miek Gieben),
mxk/go-flowrate (Copyright (c) 2014 The Go-FlowRate Authors),
mxk/go-flowrate/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2014 The Go-FlowRate Authors. All
rights reserved.), net (Go) (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), nise (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no), node-pre-gyp (Copyright (c) Mapbox), oauth2
(Copyright (c) 2009 The oauth2 Authors. All rights reserved.),
pborman/uuid (Copyright (c) 2009,2014 Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
pborman/uuid/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2009,2014 Google Inc. All rights
reserved.), pflag (Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.), phpparser (Copyright (c) 2011-2018
by Nikita Popov.), pkg-errors (Copyright (c) 2015, Dave Cheney
<dave@cheney.net>), pkg/errors ("Copyright (c) 2015, Dave Cheney
<dave@cheney.net> All rights reserved."), pkg/errors: dep 0.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2015, Dave Cheney <dave@cheney.net>), pmezard/go-difflib
(Copyright (c) 2013, Patrick Mezard), pmezard/go-difflib/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2013, Patrick Mezard All rights reserved.), protobuf: dep
0.5.0 (Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved),
PuerkitoBio/purell ("Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers All rights
reserved."), PuerkitoBio/urlesc (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), Purell (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers.Â  All
rights reserved.), qs (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other
contributors.), regenerator-transform (Copyright ? Ben Newman), rubyzip
(Required), scala-library (Copyright 2002-2016, LAMP/EPFL), shelljs
(Copyright (c) 2012 Artur Adib <arturadib@gmail.com>), sinon (Copyright
(c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen christian@cjohansen.no), snappy
(Copyright (c) 2011 The Snappy-Go Authors. All rights reserved.), snappy
2e65f85 (Copyright (c) 2011 The Snappy-Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), spf13/pflag ("Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved."),
spf13/pflag/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), tools
(Copyright 2014 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), tough-cookie
(Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), tough-cookie 2.4.3 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), twig 1.35.3 (Copyright (c) 2009-2018 by
the Twig Team), uglify-js (Copyright 2012-2018 (c) Mihai Bazon
<mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), update-notifier (Copyright (c) Google), uri-js
4.2.2 (Copyright 2011 Gary Court. All rights reserved.), webcomponents
(Copyright (c) 2014 The Polymer Project Authors. All rights reserved.),
WebKit (Copyright (C) 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.), winstdint.h
(Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris), x/net (Copyright 2013 The
Go Authors. All rights reserved.), yeoman-environment (Copyright ?
Google), yeoman-generator (Copyright (c) 2015 Google), Zend Framework
(Copyright (c) 2005-2015, Zend Technologies USA, Inc.), zend-diactoros
(Copyright (c) 2005-2010 Zend Technologies USA Inc.), create-react-class.js
(Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 
2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), go (Copyright (c) 2009 The 
Go Authors. All rights reserved.),goland.org/x/net: dep 0.5.0 
(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), goland.org/x/sys: 
dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
atom (Copyright (c) 2012 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.),
chromium_src (Copyright 2014 The Chromium Authors. All rights
reserved.), cmd/gxz (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), collate (Copyright 2014 The Go Authors.), domain_name (Ruby
Gem) (Copyright (C) 2011, 2012, 2013 Akinori MUSHA, All rights
reserved.), fastwalk (Copyright 2018 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), ffi (Ruby Gem) (Copyright (c) 2008-2016, Ruby FFI project
contributors. All rights reserved.), fields.go (Copyright 2013 The Go
Authors), getgo (Copyright (c) 2017 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), ghodss (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), globalsign (Copyright
(c) 2010-2013 - Gustavo Niemeyer All rights reserved.), golang
(Copyright: no copyright found), gorilla/websocket (Copyright 2016 The
Gorilla WebSocket Authors), grpc-gateway (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo,
Inc. All rights reserved.), http_client.py (Copyright (c) 2002-2005,
Daniel Krech, http://eikeon.com/ All rights reserved.), markupsafe
(Python) (Copyright: (c) 2010 by Armin Ronacher.), mergo (Copyright (c)
2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), pflag (Copyright (c) 2012
Alex Ogier. All rights reserved, 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), protobuf (Copyright (c) 2010, 2013, The GoGo Authors. All
rights reserved.), PuerkitoBio-purell 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin
Angers), punycode.rb (Not Found), qs (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan
LaFreniere), ripemd160-min.js ((c) 2012 by Cedric Mesnil. All rights
reserved.), urlesc, internal/json (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), webcomponents (Copyright (c) 2015 The Polymer
Authors. All rights reserved.), x-text (Copyright 2014 The Go Authors.),
x-tools (Copyright (c) 2009-2018 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
godbus-dbus(No copyright found), golang-net(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), golang-protobuf(Copyright 2010 The Go Authors.  All
rights reserved.), golang-sync(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), gorilla-context(Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes. All rights
reserved.), gorilla-handlers(Copyright (c) 2013 The Gorilla Handlers Authors.
All rights reserved.), gorilla-mux(Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes. All rights
reserved.), grpc-ecosystem-grpc-gateway(Copyright (c) 2015; Gengo; Inc. All
rights reserved.), miekg-dns(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved. Extensions of the original work are copyright (c) 2011 Miek Gieben),
nicksnyder-go-i18n(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved. 
Extensions of the original work are copyright (c) 2011 Miek Gieben),
pkg-errors(Copyright (c) 2015; Dave Cheney <dave@cheney.net> All rights
reserved.), PuerkitoBio-purell(Copyright (c) 2012; Martin Angers All rights
reserved.), spf13-pflag(Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), x-crypto(Copyright (c)
2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), x-oauth2(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), x-time(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), golang/crypto(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), hkdf(Copyright 2014 The Go Authors), chacha20(Copyright 2014 The Go
Authors), gocql/gocql(Copyright (c) 2016  The Gocql authors),
petar/GoLLRB(Copyright (c) 2010  Petar Maymounkov),
hashicorp/go-msgpack(Copyright (c) 2012  2013 Ugorji Nwoke.),
golang/snappy(Copyright (c) 2011 The Snappy-Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
uuid-master(Copyright (c) 2012 The gocql Authors), inf.v0(Copyright (c) 2012
Pï¿½ter Surï¿½nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), dotenv (BSD-2-Clause)(Copyright (c) 2015  Scott Motte), uglify-js
(BSD-2-Clause)(Copyright 2012-2013 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>),
dnscache(Copyright (c) 2013  Yahoo! Inc.  All rights reserved.), md5
(BSD-3-Clause)(Copyright Â© 2011-2012  Paul Vorbach.Copyright Â© 2009  Jeff
Mott.), source-map (BSD-3-Clause)(No Copyright Found), sprintf-js
(BSD-3-Clause)(Copyright (c) 2007-2014  Alexandru Marasteanu <hello [at) alexei
(dot] ro>), 
RAVEN 6.10.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Functional Software Inc and individual
contributors.), ZSTD-JNI (No Copyright statement ), OAS-RESOLVER-2.2.3
(Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade Software), NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATA (Copyright
(c) Meryn Stol ("Author")), MARKUPSAFE (Copyright 2010 Pallets), REDIS
(Copyright (c) 2006-2015; Salvatore Sanfilippo All rights reserved.),
GOLANG/NET [dns] (Copyright 2016 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
DOJO.CSS: PARTS [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2007, Yahoo! Inc. All rights
reserved.), DOMAIN_NAME (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Akinori MUSHA All
rights reserved.),
MYSQL-5.7.17-0/STORAGE/NDB/MCC/FRONTEND/DOJO/DOJOX/SQL/LICENSE
_CRYPTO.JS [MySQL] (Copyright Chris Veness), CONTEXT (Copyright (c) 2012
Rodrigo Moraes. All rights reserved.), MIB MODULE (Copyright (c) 2010
IETF Trust and the persons identified as authors of the code. All rights
reserved.), RUBYPANTS (No Copyright Found), FORMATIO (Copyright (c)
2010-2012 Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no) and),
SOURCEMAPGENERATOR (Copyright (c) 2011 Mozilla Foundation and
Contributors), FIREBUG [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2006-2007, Joe Hewitt, All
rights reserved.), JINJAEXT.PY [jinja2 (Python)] (Copyright (c) 2010 by
Armin Ronacher), SWAGGER-UI-EXPRESS (Copyright (c) 2018 Scott IT
London), MYSQL-5.7.17-0/STORAGE/NDB/MCC/FRONTEND/DOJO/DIJIT/LICENSE
[MySQL] (Copyright (c) 2005-2011, The Dojo Foundation), QS (Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.), DNS (Copyright (c)
2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), AVL_TREE (Copyright (c)
2012; Hiroshi Nakamura <nahi@ruby-lang.org> All rights reserved.),
HTTP-STATUS (Copyright (c) 2008-2010 SARL Adaltas.), RATE.GO [time]
(Copyright 2015 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), JQUERY.EASING
(Copyright Ã‚Â© 2008 George McGinley Smith), CLICK (Copyright ï¿½ 2014 by
the Pallets team.Some rights reserved.), RC (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr),
INT53 (No copyright found), ITEMS (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 WalmartCopyright (c) 2010-2014 Caolan
McMahon), CRYPTILES (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Eran Hammer and Project
contributors), DOJO (Copyright (c) 2004-2010, The Dojo Foundation All
Rights Reserved.), IDNA (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Kim Davies. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2001-2014 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
Reserved Copyright (c) 1991-2014 Unicode Inc. All rights reserved.),
SHIMMER-1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2019 Forrest L Norvell), BCRYPT-PBKDF
(Copyright 1997 Niels Provos <provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de>Copyright
(c) 2013 Ted Unangst <tedu@openbsd.org>Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc),
TOUGH-COOKIE (Copyright (c) 2015 Salesforce.com Inc.), PUMA (RUBY GEM)
(Some code copyright (c) 2005, Zed Shaw Copyright (c) 2011, Evan Phoenix
All rights reserved.), VOLUPTUOUS (Copyright (c) 2010; Alec Thomas All
rights reserved.), RAVEN_AIOHTTP 0.7.0 (Copyright (c) 2018 Functional
Software, Inc and individual contributors.), CACHEOBJECT [Yarn (Node)]
(Copyright (c) 2013, Yahoo! Inc.), D3 (Copyright 2010-2017 Mike
Bostock), ESCOPE-3.3.0 (Copyright (C) 2012-2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), STATEHOOD-5.0.4 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2019 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart),
NPM-USER-VALIDATE (Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski), SCALA-REFLECT (Maven
(c)), SMARTYPANTS (Copyright Â© 2003 John Gruber), URI-JS (Copyright 2011
Gary Court. All rights reserved.), CACHED_PROPERTY 1.4.0 (Copyright (c)
2015, Daniel Greenfeld), RUBY-DEBUG19 (Copyright (C) 2005 Kent Sibilev
<ksibilev@yahoo.com>), OAS-KIT-COMMON-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade
Software), ESTRAVERSE (Yusuke Suzuki), UNF 0.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2011
2012 Akinori MUSHA), OAS-LINTER-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade
Software), SWAGGER2OPENAPI (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2016, Mermade Software
All rights reserved.), NODE-PRE-GYP (Copyright (c) Mapbox), IS-CIDR
(Copyright (c) silverwind), TESTSUITE [dns] (No Copyright Found),
OAS-VALIDATOR (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2016, Mermade Software All rights
reserved.), BLUECLOTH (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 Michael Granger), PUMA
(copyright (c) 2005; Zed Shaw Copyright (c) 2011; Evan Phoenix All
rights reserved.), RDISCOUNT (Copyright (C) 2007 David Loren Parsons.),
CHACHA20 [dns] (No Copyright Found), OAS-VALIDATOR-3.2.2 (Copyright (c)
2016 Mermade Software), ESUTILS (Copyright (C) 2013 [Yusuke
Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), MISSISSIPPI (No copyright
found), YARN (No copyright found), DARKFISH.RB [rdoc (Ruby Gem)]
(Copyright 2007-2010, Michael Granger. All rights reserved.),
ISEMAIL-3.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Eli Skeggs and Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2014 GlobeSherpaCopyright (c) 2008-2011
Dominic Sayers), NISE (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no), V8 (Copyright 2017 the V8 project authors. All
rights reserved.), LOLEX-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Christian
Johansen christian@cjohansen.no. All rights reserved.),
NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATA-2.5.0 (Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author")), WSGI
(Copyright (c) 2010 the Werkzeug Team), TOPO (Copyright (c) 2012-2018
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart), CANCELLABLE
[engine-api] (Copyright 2015 The Go Authors), NGINX-PERL (Copyright
2011-2013 Alexandr Gomoliako), SEMVER (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
("Author")), CIDR-REGEX (Copyright (c) silverwind), CMD-SHIM (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author")), COMMONMARK (Copyright (c) 2014 John
MacFarlaneCopyright Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>Copyright
Mathias Bynens <http://mathiasbynens.be/>Copyright (c) 2014 Vitaly
Puzrin Alex Kocharin.Copyright (C) 2014-15 John MacFarlane),
NPM-INSTALL-CHECKS (Copyright (c) Robert Kowalski and Isaac Z. Schlueter
("Authors")), FFI (Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Ruby FFI project
contributorslibffi - Copyright (c) 1996-2011 Anthony Green Red Hat Inc
and others.), ENCODING [Dojo] (Copyright 1998-2005, Paul Johnstone),
DTRACE-PROVIDER (Copyright 2012 Chris Andrews. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011 Chris Andrews. All rights reserved.), JINJA2
(Copyright (c) 2009 by the Jinja Team; see AUTHORS for more details.
Some rights reserved.), REFTOOLS-1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2017 Mike
Ralphson), ENUM34 (Copyright (c) 2013 Ethan Furman.), GOLANG/SYNC [dns]
(Copyright 2016 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
SWAGGER2OPENAPI-5.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade Software),
IS-CIDR-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) silverwind), DIJIT [Dojo] (Copyright (c)
2004-2010, The Dojo Foundation), OAS-RESOLVER-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016
Mermade Software), SQLITE3 (Copyright (c) 2004 Jamis Buck
(jamis@jamisbuck.org)), UPDATE-NOTIFIER (Copyright Google), BINDATA
(RUBY GEM) (Copyright (C) 2007-2012 Dion Mendel. All rights reserved.),
GO-DOCKERCLIENT (Copyright (c) 2013-2019, go-dockerclient authors     ),
JQUERY.DATATABLES.MIN.JS (Copyright 2008-2010 Allan Jardine, all rights
reserved.), H2DEMO [dns] (Copyright 2016 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), WEBRICK (No copyright found), WEBKIT [dns] (No Copyright
Found), RUBYZIP (No copyright found), SQL [Dojo] (Copyright (c) the Dojo
Foundation), BLOWFISH.C [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright 1997 Niels Provos
<provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de> All rights reserved.), SUBTEXT-5.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014
Walmart), BOURNE-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2019 Project contributors.),
_FIREBUG [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2006-2007, Joe Hewitt), GOLANG/CRYPTO
[dns] (Copyright 2016 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), RUBY-DEBUG
(Copyright (C) 2005 Kent Sibilev <ksibilev@yahoo.com>), RUBYSL 2.2.0 (No
Copyright Found), DOJOX [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2004-2010, The Dojo
Foundation), HOEK (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2011-2014 WalmartCopyright (c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.), SHELLJS (Copyright
(c) 2012 Artur Adib <arturadib@gmail.com>), ESPRIMA-FB (No copyright
found), JINJA2 (PYTHON) (Copyright (c) 2009 by the Jinja Team),
OPENTRACING/VARIANT [opentracing-cpp] (Copyright (c) MapBox), YARN
(NODE) (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Yarn Contributors. All rights
reserved.), RESOURCES [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2007, Yahoo! Inc.),
MYSQL-5.7.17-0/EXTRA/LZ4/LICENSE [MySQL] (Copyright (c) 2011-2014, Yann
Collet), SAX (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author") <li><a
href="/Consortium/Legal/2006/08-copyright-translations.html">Translations
of the Copyright Notice</a></li> <p class="copyright">Copyright &#xA9;
2012 W3C <sup>&#xAE;</sup> (<a href="http://www.csail.mit.edu/">),
FUTURES (Copyright 2009 Brian Quinlan. All rights reserved.), UNF
(Copyright (c) 2011 2012 Akinori MUSHA), ANTLR4 (Copyright (c) 2012
Terence Parr and Sam Harwell All rights reserved.), PROTON FRAMEWORK
[Mantle] (Copyright (c) 2011 Bitswift. All rights reserved), DOTENV
(Copyright (c) 2015 Scott Motte), HKDF [dns] (Copyright 2014 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), CREOLE (No Copyright Found),
OAS-VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2016, Mermade Software All rights
reserved.), TEXTFLOWCPP [opentracing-cpp] (No Copyright Found),
OAS-SCHEMA-WALKER-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade Software),
CONFIGSTORE (Copyright Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), TIME (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), ESPRIMA (Copyright (c) jQuery Foundation Inc. and
Contributors All Rights Reserved.), GOLANG/SYS [dns] (Copyright 2016 The
Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
bcrypt-pbkdf(Copyright 1997 Niels Provos <provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de> All
rights reserved.), cidr-regex(Copyright (c) silverwind),
domelementtype(Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), domhandler(Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm),
dotenv(Copyright (c) 2015  Scott Motte), fbjs-css-vars(Copyright (c)
2013-present  Facebook  Inc.), http-cache-semantics(Copyright 2016-2018 Kornel
Lesi_ski), is-cidr(Copyright (c) silverwind), jsbn(* Copyright (c) 2003-2005 
Tom Wu), md5(Copyright Â© 2011-2012  Paul Vorbach.Copyright Â© 2009  Jeff Mott.),
mississippi(No Copyright found), mississippi(No Copyright found), mississippi(No
Copyright found), normalize-package-data(Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author")),
qs(Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other contributors.),
regjsparser(Copyright (c) Julian Viereck and Contributors; All Rights
Reserved.), source-map(Copyright (c) 2009-2011; Mozilla Foundation and
contributors All rights reserved.), tap-stream(No Copyright found),
tough-cookie(Copyright (c) 2015  Salesforce.com  Inc.), uglify-js(Copyright
2012-2013 (c) Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), warning(Copyright (c)
2013-2015  Facebook  Inc.), COMPOSER-PATCHES (Copyright 2013 Cameron Eagans), 
JSON.STRINGIFY
[gutenberg] (Copyright 2015 Yahoo Inc.), PHP-FILE-ITERATOR
[drupal-scaffold] (Copyright (c) Sebastian Bergmann), PHPDOTENV
(Copyright (c) 2013, Vance Lucas All rights reserved.), DIFF V3.5.0
[gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2009-2015, Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com>),
protobuf (Copyright 2008, Google Inc), 
innobase (Copyright (c) 2008, Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
dojo (Copyright (c) 2007, Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.),
Services_JSON (Copyright 2005 Michal Migurski),
ZSTD-JNI-1.3.7-3 (Copyright (c) 2015-present, Luben Karavelov/ All
rights reserved.), X/SYS (Copyright Â© 2009 Go Authors.), PATHUTIL
[etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
OPENSSL_PKCS8_PURE (Copyright (c) 2017; T. Yamada), RECAPTCHA-PHP (Not
found), RUSSROSS/BLACKFRIDAY (Copyright ï¿½ 2011 Russ Ross), MARKUPSAFE
(No copyright found), WARNINGS.V0 [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2016 PÃ©ter
SurÃ¡nyi), WRECK (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2012-2014 Walmart), GEERTJOHAN/GO.RICE
C02CA9A983DA5807DDF7D796784928F5BE4AFD09 (Copyright (c) 2013 Geert-Johan
Riemer), STRINGER.GO (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), ITERATIVEPARSETREEWALKER.H [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2012
Terence Parr Copyright (c) 2012 Sam Harwell. All rights reserved.), XML
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.), API [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2016, Quobyte Inc), VIM [Moby] (Author: Honza Pokorny
<https://honza.ca>), EXP [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors), EVENTS (Copyright (c) 2017 by Nicola Iarocci and contributors.
See AUTHORS), GLOBAL-STATE (Copyright (c) 2001-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann), TESTUTIL [etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), QS (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan LaFreniere and other
contributors.), ISTANBUL-LIB-HOOK (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.),
NWAPLES/RARDECODE (Copyright (c) 2015; Nicholas Waples), BFD-STD-MIB/
PMIPV6-TC-MIB (Copyright (c) 2014 IETF Trust and the persons identified
as authors of the code. All rights reserved.), OAS-RESOLVER (Copyright
(c) 2016 Mermade Software), DIFF (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Kevin Decker
kpdecker@gmail.com), AVL_TREE (Copyright (c) 2012; Hiroshi Nakamura
<nahi@ruby-lang.org> All rights reserved.), CLICK (Armin Ronacher),
VERSION (Copyright (c) 2013-2015; Sebastian Bergmann), GRPC [kubernetes]
(Copyright 2014, Google Inc.), WW/GOAUTONEG (Copyright (c) 2011; Open
Knowledge Foundation Ltd.), ACCEPT (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributors.Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Mark BradshawCopyright (c) 2014
Walmart.), BLACKFRIDAY MARKDOWN PROCESSOR (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2011 Russ Ross
<russ@russross.com>), SINON (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no), GORILLA/HANDLERS (Copyright (c) 2013 The
Gorilla Handlers Authors. All rights reserved.), CMATH.GEMSPEC [ruby]
(Author: James Edward Gray II), NWAPLES/RARDECODE
-E06696F847AEDA6F39A8F0B7CDFF193B7690AEF6 (Copyright (c) 2015 Nicholas
Waples), VBAUERSTER/MPB (Copyright (C) 2016-2018 Vladimir Bauer),
SIMONSAPIN V0.7.1 (Not found), ACE-BUILDS (Copyright (c) 2010 Ajax.org
B.V.), KARDIANOS/OSEXT (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), SFTP [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013, Dave Cheney), FLASK
(Copyright (c) 2015 by Armin Ronacher and contributors.), CRYPTILES
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Eran Hammer and Project contributors), IDNA
(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Kim Davies. All rights reserved. Copyright (c)
2001-2014 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved Copyright (c)
1991-2014 Unicode Inc. All rights reserved.), GO-API [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 StorageOS), JSDUMP V1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2008
Ariel Flesler), OBJECT-ENUMERATOR (Copyright (c) 2016-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann), OBJECT-REFLECTOR (Copyright (c) 2017; Sebastian Bergmann),
JSSHRINK (Author: Robert Hafner), IO-CONSOLE.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author:
Nobu Nakada), PEAR_EXCEPTION (Copyright (c) 1997-2009; Stig Bakken
<ssb@php.net>;), REACT-INTL (Copyright 2014 Yahoo Inc.), CATBOX
(Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014
Walmart), GOLANG-API [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2011 Google Inc.),
GOLANG/TEXT (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
D3 (Copyright 2010-2017 Mike Bostock), CYPHAR [kubernetes] (Copyright
(C) 2014-2015 Docker Inc & Go Authors. All rights reserved. Copyright
(C) 2017 SUSE LLC. All rights reserved.), EXPORTER (Copyright (c)
2002-2017; Sebastian Bergmann), CELERY (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Ask
Solem & contributors.), NODE.GO (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), VOYAGER (Copyright (c) 2014 Wieden+Kennedy),
ESTRAVERSE (No copyright found), CLOUDFLARE/CFSSL 1.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Kyle Isom), CSON-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2014 Groupon Inc.),
WEBSOCKETS [async_testing (Node)] (Copyright (C) Hiroshi Ichikawa),
@SINONJS/SAMSAM (Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no and), IEEE754 (Copyright 2008 Fair Oaks Labs
Inc.), GOLANG/SNAPPY (Copyright (c) 2011 The Snappy-Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), COMPLETION [Moby] (Copyright (c) 2013, Felix Riedel),
PKG/ERRORS (Copyright (c) 2015; Dave Cheney <dave@cheney.net>),
NODE-PRE-GYP (Copyright (c) Mapbox), ED25519.GO [Moby] (Copyright 2013
The Go Authors), @SINONJS/COMMONS (Copyright (c) 2018 Sinon.JS), SHA-1
V2.1A (Copyright Paul Johnston 2000 - 2002. Other contributors: Greg
Holt, Andrew Kepert, Ydnar, Lostinet), ARCHIVE/TAR (Copyright (c) 2012
The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), PHP-TOKEN-STREAM (Copyright (c)
2009-2017; Sebastian Bergmann), PARSE-JS [Esprima (node)] (Copyright
2010 (c) Mihai Bazon), MERGO [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Dario
CastaÃ±Ã©, The Go Authors), SSPI [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors.), PHPUNIT (Copyright (c) 2001-2019, Sebastian Bergmann
<sebastian@phpunit.de>), CALL (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), VISE (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart),
DRAFT-HIXIE-THEWEBSOCKETPROTOCOL-76 [async_testing (Node)] (Copyright
(C) Hiroshi Ichikawa), FILEUTILS.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Minero Aoki),
ZEND FRAMEWORK (Copyright (c) 2005-2010 Zend Technologies USA Inc.),
TEAMWORK (Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Eran Hammer and Project contributors),
DBM.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Copyright (C) 1993-2013 Yukihiro Matsumoto. All
rights reserved.), CONFIGOBJ (Copyright (c): 2003-2010, Michael Foord
2014, Eli Courtwright, Rob Dennis.All rights reserved.), ESLINT-SCOPE
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundationCopyright (C) 2012-2013 Yusuke Suzuki (twitter:
@Constellation) and other contributors.), ARCHIVE_TAR (copyright
1997-2010 The Authors), @SINONJS/FORMATIO (Copyright (c) 2010-2012
Christian Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no) and), BUILDBOT_RUN.PY [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2012 Google Inc. All rights reserved.), MODE: JS;
JS-INDENT-LEVEL [Bootstrap] (Copyright 2011 Mozilla Foundation and
contributors), PROTOBUF [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo
Authors), HAPI (Copyright (c) 2011-2019 Project contributorsCopyright
(c) 2011-2014 WalmartCopyright (c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.), V8 [NodeJS] (No
copyright found), KQUEUE [Python] (Copyright (c) 2000 Doug White, 2006
James Knight, 2007 Christian Heimes, All rights reserved),
ISTANBUL-LIB-SOURCE-MAPS (Copyright 2015 Yahoo! Inc.), VFSSTREAM
(Copyright (c) 2007-2015; Frank Kleine), ZF2 ((c) 2005-2013 Zend
Technologies USA Inc.), MULTIPROCESSING (Copyright (c) 2006-2008 R
Oudkerk and Contributors), BASH_COMPLETION (Copyright (c) 2017 the xonsh
developers), OAUTH2 [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
CANCELLABLE [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), TESTDATA
[net] (Copyright (C) 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.), ETC.GEMSPEC
[ruby] (No Copyright found), CANCELREQ.GO (Copyright 2013 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), REGJSPARSER (Copyright (c) Julian
Viereck and Contributors All Rights Reserved.), GRACEFUL-FS (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter ("Author")), NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATAN 2.3.5 [npm]
(Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author") All rights reserved.), OAUTHLIB
(Copyright (c) 2019 The OAuthlib Community), ORIGINAL SSLEAY LICENSE
[Python] (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com), All
rights reserved.), STATEHOOD (Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), IMDARIO/MERGO (Copyright (c)
2013 Dario CastaÃ±Ã©. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), PIERREC/LZ4 (Copyright (c) 2015; Pierre
Curto All rights reserved.), GOLANG/OAUTH2 (Copyright (c) 2009 The
oauth2 Authors. All rights reserved.), ELAZARL/GO-BINDATA-ASSETFS
3DCC96556217539F50599357FB481AC0DC7439B9 (Copyright (c) 2014 Elazar
Leibovich), ESCODEGEN (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and
contributors), YAML [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), B64
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014
WalmartCopyright (C) 1999 Masanao Izumo <iz@onicos.co.jp>),
FIDDLE.GEMSPEC [ruby] (No Copyright found), STATIC [tools] (Copyright
2013 jQuery Foundation and other contributors), ISTANBUL-LIB-REPORT
(Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.), IO-CONSOLE [ruby] (No Copyright
Found), HISTORY.JS (Copyright ï¿½ 2014+ Bevry Pty Ltd us@bevry.me
(http://bevry.me) Copyright ï¿½ 2011-2013 Benjamin Lupton b@lupton.cc
(http://balupton.com)), HTTPUTIL [etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), VAR INVARIANT (Copyright 2014-2015,
Facebook, Inc.All rights reserved.), GRAPH [kubernetes] (Copyright Â©2013
The gonum Authors), DATE.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Copyright (C) 1993-2013
Yukihiro Matsumoto. All rights reserved.), DID_YOU_MEAN.GEMSPEC [ruby]
(Author: Yuki Nishijima), JINJA2 (copyright: (c) 2017 by the Jinja
Team.), HIGHLIGHT.JS [mockito-core] (Copyright (c) 2006, Ivan Sagalaev
All rights reserved.), YUI.GO [elazarl/goproxy] (Copyright 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), BLOWFISH PORTIONS (Copyright 1997 Niels
Provos <provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de> All rights reserved.),
ISTANBUL-LIB-COVERAGE (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.),
ALECTHOMAS/TEMPLATE A0175EE3BCCC567396460BF5ACD36800CB10C49C (Copyright
(c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), GOOGLE/UUID (Copyright
(c) 2009;2014 Google Inc.), STATSLEVEL.JAVA [rocksdbjni] (Copyright (c)
2011-present, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.), GO-FLOWRATE
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 The Go-FlowRate Authors), GOLANG/SYNC
(Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.), SUPPORT (No Copyright Found),
GCFGV1 [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions
Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors), PULVERIZR (Copyright (c) 2010
Benjamin Truyman), HAMCREST-LIBRARY (Copyright (c) 2000-2006
hamcrest.org), SPRINTF-JS (Copyright (c) 2007-2014 Alexandru Marasteanu
<hello [at) alexei (dot] ro>), BOOM (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project
contributors.Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart.), CRYPT (Copyright Â© 2011
Paul Vorbach. All rights reserved.Copyright Â© 2009 Jeff Mott. All rights
reserved.), GOOGLETEST [NodeJS] (No copyright found), LIBMPDEC [Python]
(Copyright (c) 2008-2016 Stefan Krah. All rights reserved.),
PEAR_ERRORSTACK [pear-core-minimal] (Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Greg
Beaver), GO-COLORTEXT [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2016, David Deng),
GOLANG [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors),
GRPC-ECOSYSTEM/GRPC-GATEWAY (Copyright (c) 2015 Gengo Inc.), SYS
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), FS [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), GO-DIFFLIB [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2013, Patrick Mezard), INF.V0 [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter
SurÃ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors), CONTENT (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), SHOT
(Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014
Walmart), PEAR [pear-core-minimal] (Copyright (c) 1997-2006 The PHP
Group), HTPASSWD [kubernetes] (Copyright (C) 2003-2013 Edgewall
Software), LIBSECCOMP-GOLANG [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015 Matthew
Heon <mheon@redhat.com>, Paul Moore <pmoore@redhat.com>), PBORMAN/UUID
-CA53CAD383CAD2479BBBA7F7A1A05797EC1386E4 (Copyright (c) 2009 2014
Google Inc. All rights reserved.), TWIG (Copyright (c) 2009-2019 by the
Twig Team.), NODEAPP (No Copyright Found), CLIENT [etcd-io/etcd]
(Copyright The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), JSON [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), DOMUTILS (Copyright (c) Felix
BÃ¶hm), GOGO/PROTOBUF (Copyright (c) 2013 The GoGo Authors. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
BCRYPT-PBKDF 1.0.0 [npm] (Copyright 1997 Niels Provos
<provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de>), AMMO (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), BASIC.CSS [Pip] (Copyright
2007-2011 by the Sphinx team), GOLANG/TIME (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors.), UNF (Copyright (c) 2011 2012 Akinori MUSHA), GOCAPABILITY
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2013 Suryandaru Triandana <syndtr@gmail.com>),
GOPROXY [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 Elazar Leibovich.),
EVANPHX/JSON-PATCH 944E07253867AACAE43C04B2E6A239005443F33A (Copyright
(c) 2014 Evan Phoenix), OAS-LINTER (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade
Software), ENVIRONMENT (Copyright (c) 2014-2017; Sebastian Bergmann),
ISTANBUL-LIB-INSTRUMENT (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.), SDBM.GEMSPEC
[ruby] (Author: Yukihiro Matsumoto), XTGO/UUID (Copyright (c) 2012 The
gocql Authors. All rights reserved.), IPADDR.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Copyright
(c) 2002 Hajimu UMEMOTO <ume@mahoroba.org> Copyright (c) 2007-2017
Akinori MUSHA <knu@iDaemons.org>), PTY [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012
The Go Authors), IRON (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Eran Hammer and Project
contributors), PMEZARD/GO-DIFFLIB
-D8ED2627BDF02C080BF22230DBB337003B7ABA2D (Copyright (c) 2013 Patrick
Mezard), JSON-PATCH [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014, Evan Phoenix),
TIME [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), JMOCK
[mockito-core] (Copyright (c) 2000-2007, jMock.org All rights
reserved.), GOLANG/SYS (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors.), SPF13/PFLAG
(Copyright (c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.), BOUNCE (Copyright
(c) 2017-2018 Project contributors.), MXK/GO-FLOWRATE/FLOWRATE
(Copyright (c) 2014 The Go-FlowRate Authors. All rights reserved.),
NORMALIZE-PACKAGE-DATA (Copyright (c) Meryn Stol ("Author")),
DOMAIN_NAME (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Akinori MUSHA All rights
reserved.), MAGICONAIR-PROPERTIES [kubernetes] ((c) 2013-2014 - Frank
Schroeder), PMEZARD/GO-DIFFLIB (Copyright (c) 2013; Patrick Mezard),
CONTEXT [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes),
GORILLA/CONTEXT (Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes. All rights
reserved.), SOCKETS [Python] (Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1998
WIDE Project.All rights reserved.), TEXT [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), FORMATIO (Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Christian
Johansen (christian@cjohansen.no) and), JSON.STRINGIFY [gutenberg]
(Copyright 2015 Yahoo Inc.), PEZ (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributors), MISSPELL [kubernetes] (Secondary License: BSD, Referenced
to an approved license), DATA-DOG/GODOG-0.7.5 (Copyright (c) 2015-2017,
DATA-DOG team All rights reserved.), DATA-DOG/GODOG-0.7.4 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017, DATA-DOG team All rights reserved.), DNS [kubernetes]
(Copyright 2009 The Go Authors), GO-BINDATA-ASSETFS [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2014, Elazar Leibovich), GORILLA/MUX (Copyright (c)
2012-2018 The Gorilla Authors. All rights reserved.), SOMEVER (Copyright
(c) 2018 Project contributors.), PKG-ERRORS [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2015, Dave Cheney <dave@cheney.net>), HEAVY (Copyright (c) 2013-2018
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2014 Walmart), ULIKUNITZ/XZ
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Ulrich Kunitz), ESPREE (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors https://js.foundation), TEMPLATES - CODE [tools]
(No Copyrights Found), GDBM.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Yukihiro Matsumoto),
HTTP HAWK AUTHENTICATION SCHEME [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2012-2014, Eran
Hammer <eran@hammer.io>), PODIUM (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Project
contributors), OPENSSL [Python] (Copyright (c) 1998-2008 The OpenSSL
Project.Â  All rights reserved.), RESOURCE-OPERATIONS (Copyright (c)
2015; Sebastian Bergmann), INTEGRATION [etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), DIFF V3.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2009-2015,
Kevin Decker <kpdecker@gmail.com> All rights reserved.), GODBUS/DBUS
-5.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013, Georg Reinke (<guelfey at gmail dot com>),
Google All rights reserved.), DOCTRINE (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors https://jquery.org/), IMDARIO/MERGO -0.3.6 (Copyright
(c) 2013 Dario CastaÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ©. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), IMDARIO/MERGO -0.3.7 (Copyright (c) 2013
Dario CastaÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ©. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), PB V1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2015, Sergey
Cherepanov), IMDARIO/MERGO -0.3.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 Dario CastaÃƒÂ±ÃƒÂ©.
All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), STRSCAN.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Minero Aoki), BCRYPT-PBKDF
(Copyright 1997 Niels Provos <provos@physnet.uni-hamburg.de>Copyright
(c) 2013 Ted Unangst <tedu@openbsd.org>Copyright 2016 Joyent Inc),
TOUGH-COOKIE (Copyright (c) 2015, Salesforce.com, Inc.),
CERTIFICATE-TRANSPARENCY-GO [kubernetes] (Copyright 2015 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), PIP_SHOW.RST [Pip] (Author:Georg Brandl),
SWAGGER2OPENAPI (Copyright (c) 2016 Mermade Software), PHP_CODESNIFFER
(Copyright 2006-2012 Squiz Pty Ltd), PYASN1 (Copyright (c) 2005-2019
Ilya Etingof <etingof@gmail.com>), CACHEOBJECT (Copyright (c) 2013,
Yahoo! Inc. All rights reserved.), PUERKITOBIO/PURELL
-8A290539E2E8629DBC4E6BAD948158F790EC31F4 (Copyright (c) 2012 Martin
Angers), TOOLS [kubernetes] (Copyright 2014 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), DART-LANG [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2014 the Dart project
authors.), WEBSOCKET-CLIENT (Copyright 2018 Hiroki Ohtani.), DOMHANDLER
(Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), ZSTD (Copyright (c) 2016-present, Facebook,
Inc. All rights reserved.), BLACKFRIDAY [kubernetes] (Copyright Â© 2011
Russ Ross), FLAT (Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy), UGLIFY-JS (Copyright
2010 (c) Mihai Bazon &lt;mihai.bazon@gmail.com&gt;Copyright 2010 (c)
Mihai Bazon <mihai.bazon@gmail.com>), URI-JS (Copyright 2011 Gary Court.
All rights reserved.), SYMLINK [Moby] (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 The
Docker & Go Authors.), ITSDANGEROUS (Copyright Â© 2011 by the Pallets
team.Copyright Â© Django Software Foundation and individual
contributors.), BUNDLE (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Ask Solem), TABLE
(Copyright (c) 2018 Gajus Kuizinas (http://gajus.com/)), GVP [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All rights reserved.), GETTEXT-GO
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2013 ChaiShushan <chaishushan{AT}gmail.com>.),
JSBN [npm] (Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu), PYASN1_MODULES (Ilya
Etingof <etingof@gmail.com>), RAVEN (Copyright (c) 2015 Functional
Software Inc and individual contributors.), TEST-CASES [net] (No
copyright found), YCSSMIN (Copyright 2012 Yahoo! Inc.), ZEND-FEED
(Copyright (c) 2005-2017, Zend Technologies USA, Inc. All rights
reserved.), PHPDOTENV (Copyright (c) 2013; Vance Lucas), GODBUS/DBUS
-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013, Georg Reinke (<guelfey at gmail dot com>),
Google All rights reserved.), CFSSL [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014
CloudFlare Inc.), GO-INF/INF (Copyright (c) 2012 PÃ©ter SurÃ¡nyi. Portions
Copyright (c) 2009 The Go), FIX.GO (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), AGVAR.GO (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), BOURNE (Copyright (c) 2019 Project contributors.), TOKENIZER
(Copyright (c) 2017 Arne Blankerts), COMPARATOR (Copyright (c)
2002-2017; Sebastian Bergmann), ENTITIES (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm),
ISTANBUL-REPORTS (Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.), ESUTILS (Copyright
(C) 2013 [Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)), FSNOTIFY
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 fsnotify Authors, The Go Authors),
ZLIB.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Authors: Yukihiro Matsumoto, UENO Katsuhiro), YARN
(Copyright (c) 2016-present; Yarn Contributors. All rights reserved.),
NISE (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Christian Johansen
christian@cjohansen.no), WEBENCODINGS [Pip] (Copyright 2012 by Simon
Sapin), MD5 (Copyright Â© 2011-2012 Paul Vorbach.Copyright Â© 2009 Jeff
Mott.), PERSEVERE [npm] (Copyright The Dojo foundation),
MINITEST.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Kazuki Tsujimoto), PHP-PARSER
(Copyright (c) 2011-2018 by Nikita Popov.), PFLAG [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2016, Quobyte Inc), URLESC [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2012 The Go Authors), PYTHON-DATEUTIL (Copyright 2017- Paul Ganssle
<paul@ganssle.io>Copyright 2017- dateutil contributors (see AUTHORS
file)Copyright (c) 2003-2011 - Gustavo Niemeyer
<gustavo@niemeyer.net>Copyright (c) 2012-2014 - Tomi PievilâˆšÂ§inen
<tomi.pievilainen@iki.fi>Copyright (c) 2014-2016 - Yaron de Leeuw
<me@jarondl.net>Copyright (c) 2015- - Paul Ganssle
<paul@ganssle.io>Copyright (c) 2015- - dateutil contributors (see
AUTHORS file)), NIGEL (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), TOPO (Copyright (c) 2012-2018
Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart), UUID [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2009,2014 Google Inc.), XURLS [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2015, Daniel MartÃ­), CKEDITOR (Copyright (c) 2012; Squiz Pty Ltd),
HASHICORP/GO-MSGPACK (Copyright (c) 2012 2013 Ugorji Nwoke.),
SPF13/PFLAG -9FF6C6923CFFFBCD502984B8E0C80539A94968B7 (Copyright (c)
2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), BASE64UTILS.JAVA [Grizzly] (Copyright (c) 2004,
Mikael Grev, MiG InfoCom AB), PHP-FILE-ITERATOR [drupal-scaffold]
(Copyright (c) Sebastian Bergmann), TRANSPORT.GO [elazarl/goproxy]
(Copyright 2011 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), WEBSOCKET_CLIENT
(Copyright 2018 Hiroki Ohtani.), SCANF.GEMSPEC [ruby] (No Copyright
found), EXT-CORE [Esprima (node)] (Copyright (c) 2007, Yahoo! Inc.),
WEBSOCKET [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 The Gorilla WebSocket
Authors), ASTUTIL (Copyright 2013 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
MCYPHAR [kubernetes] (Copyright (C) 2014-2015 Docker Inc & Go Authors.
All rights reserved. Copyright (C) 2017 SUSE LLC. All rights reserved.),
E2E [etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
HTML (No Copyright Found), LOLEX (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Christian
Johansen christian@cjohansen.no. All rights reserved.), MD5 V2.2
(Copyright (C) Paul Johnston 1999 - 2009 Other contributors: Greg Holt,
Andrew Kepert, Ydnar, Lostinet), CMD-SHIM [npm] (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter ("Author")), FFI (RUBY GEM) (Copyright (c) 2008-2016  Ruby FFI
project contributorslibffi - Copyright (c) 1996-2014  Anthony Green  Red
Hat  Inc and others.), NET [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), PEAR-CORE-MINIMAL (Copyright (c)
1997-2006 The PHP Group), RECURSION-CONTEXT (Copyright (c) 2002-2017;
Sebastian Bergmann), DEFAULT-PARAMETER.JS [NodeJS] (Copyright (C) 2017
Josh Wolfe. All rights reserved.), UGLIFYJS [Bootstrap] (No copyright
found), SPF13/PFLAG -583C0C0531F06D5278B7D917446061ADC344B5CD (Copyright
(c) 2012 Alex Ogier. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2012 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), FFI (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 Ruby FFI
project contributors), CONSOLE_GETOPT (Copyright (c) 2001-2015; The PEAR
developers), PHP-CODE-COVERAGE (Copyright (c) 2009-2017; Sebastian
Bergmann), JAVASCRIPT BN LIBRARY (Copyright (c) 2005 Tom Wu All Rights
Reserved.), GRPC-GATEWAY (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc.),
GOGO/PROTOBUF -1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights
reserved. Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), CRYPTO
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 CloudFlare Inc.), GO-INF/INF-0.9.1
(Copyright (c) 2012 PÃƒÂ©ter SurÃƒÂ¡nyi. Portions Copyright (c) 2009 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), INSPECTOR_PROTOCOL [NodeJS] (No
copyright found), CODEC [Moby] (Copyright (c) 2012, 2013 Ugorji Nwoke.),
DBUS [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013, Georg Reinke (<guelfey at gmail
dot com>)), ALVAROLOES/ENUMER-CBDC8D09446313BCCD5277457285B9585CD704D0
(Copyright (c) 2018, ÃƒÂ�lvaro LÃƒÂ³pez Espinosa All rights reserved.),
CATBOX-MEMORY (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c)
2012-2014 Walmart), WEBCOMPONENTS [tools] (Copyright (c) 2014 The
Polymer Project Authors. All rights reserved.), CODE-UNIT-REVERSE-LOOKUP
(Copyright (c) 2016-2017; Sebastian Bergmann), CONTRIBUTING.MD [tools]
(No Copyrights Found), SIDEBAR.JS [Python] (Copyright 2007-2011 by the
Sphinx team), PURELL [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012, Martin Angers),
SUBTEXT (Copyright (c) 2012-2019 Project contributorsCopyright (c)
2012-2014 Walmart), MIMOS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Walmart), SQLITE3 (Copyright (c) MapBox
All rights reserved.), JOI (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Project
contributorsCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Walmart), CHARENC (Copyright Â© 2011
Paul Vorbach. All rights reserved.Copyright Â© 2009 Jeff Mott. All rights
reserved.), WADEY/GOCOVMERGE -B5BFA59EC0ADC420475F97F89B58045C721D761C
(Copyright (c) 2015 Wade Simmons), WEBKIT [dns] (Copyright (C) 2009
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.), GOTTY [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2012, Neal van Veen (nealvanveen@gmail.com)),
GRPC-ECOSYSTEM/GRPC-GATEWAY -1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2015, Gengo, Inc. All
rights reserved.), GOLANG/PROTOBUF (Copyright 2010 The Go Authors. All
rights reserved.), MERSENNE TWISTER [Python] (Copyright (C) 1997 - 2002,
Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura, All rights reserved.),
BABEL-PLUGIN-ISTANBUL (Copyright (c) 2016 Istanbul Code Coverage), MUX
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 Rodrigo Moraes), DHCP4 [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2013 Skagerrak Software Limited), ESCOPE (Copyright (C)
2012-2013 [Yusuke Suzuki](http://github.com/Constellation)),
STRINGIO.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Nobu Nakada), GO-OPENAPI/ERRORS
D24EBC2075BAD502FAC3A8AE27AA6DD58E1952DC (Copyright (c) 2015, Dave
Cheney), CRC [etcd-io/etcd] (Copyright The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.), ZEND FRAMEWORK (2010-09-25) (Copyright (c) 2005-2010 Zend
Technologies USA Inc.), PROTOCOL BUFFERS FOR GO WITH GADGETS (Copyright
(c) 2013, The GoGo Authors. All rights reserved.
http://github.com/gogo/protobuf), JSDUMP (Copyright (c) 2008 Ariel
Flesler - aflesler(at)gmail(dot)com), RECAPTCHA (Copyright 2014; Google
Inc.), FCNTL.GEMSPEC [ruby] (No Copyright found), H2O2 (Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Walmart and other contributors.), HOEK (Copyright (c)
2011-2018 Project contributorsCopyright (c) 2011-2014 WalmartCopyright
(c) 2011 Yahoo Inc.), BOOTSTRAP-3.3.5/DOCS/ASSETS/JS/CUSTOMIZE.MIN.JS;
LINES 27-36 [Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2011, The Dojo Foundation All
Rights Reserved.), ELAZARL/GOPROXY (Copyright (c) 2012 Elazar Leibovich.
All rights reserved.), MANIFEST (Copyright (c) 2016 Arne Blankerts),
ESPRIMA-FB (Required), CELERY (PYTHON) (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Ask
Solem & contributors. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2012-2014
GoPivotal, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2011,
2012 Ask Solem, and individual contributors. All rights reserved.),
ANTLR4 [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2012-2017 The ANTLR Project. All rights
reserved.), JS-BASE64 (Copyright (c) 2014 Dan Kogai), OSEXT [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors), PETAR/GOLLRB
-53BE0D36A84C2A886CA057D34B6AA4468DF9CCB4 (Copyright (c) 2010 Petar
Maymounkov), DJANGO (No copyright found), COLORAMA [NodeJS] (Copyright
Jonathan Hartley 2013.), WEBRICK.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Authors: TAKAHASHI
Masayoshi, GOTOU YUUZOU, Eric Wong), OAS-VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2016
Mermade Software), DOMELEMENTTYPE (Copyright (c) Felix BÃ¶hm), ESPRIMA
(NODE) (Copyright (C) 2012, 2011 [Ariya Hidayat]), ESPRIMA (Copyright
(C) 2012 2011 [Ariya Hidayat](http://ariya.ofilabs.com/about)),
PUERKITOBIO/URLESC -5BD2802263F21D8788851D5305584C82A5C75D7E (Copyright
(c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.)


BSD 2-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT 
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 


BSD 3-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
  this software without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER 
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

END OF BSD 3-CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION


BSD 4-CLAUSE

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, is permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software 
  must display the following acknowledgement:
  This product includes software developed by the <ORGANIZATION>.
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its 
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.
  
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD 4-CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD + GOOGLE PATENTS FILE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the BSD + GOOGLE PATENTS FILE

GRPC/GRPC-D2E1B51F33FF8C5E4A15560FF049D200E83726C5,
GOLANG/CRYPTO-244F6CE1F09CC9F3D7BFFE29B033AAA13C0CC2F3,
GOLANG/CRYPTO-B080DC9A8C480B08E698FB1219160D598526310F,
GOLANG/CRYPTO-8DD112BCDC25174059E45E07517D9FC663123347,
GOLANG.ORG/X/TOOLS,
GOLANG/CRYPTO-3D3F9F413869B949E48070B5BC593AA22CC2B8F2, NET,
GOLANG/CRYPTO-D172538B2CFCE0C13CEE31E647D0367AA8CD2486, CRYPTO [dns],
GOLANG/NET

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

END OF BSD + GOOGLE PATENTS FILE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

BSD-EQUIVALENT LICENSE 

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under a BSD-equivalent license:

cfuhash

Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr and Sam Harwell
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software 
    without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS 
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGE.


OpenSSL (asm)
Andy Polyakov
Copyright (c) 2006-2017, CRYPTOGAMS by <appro@openssl.org>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that 
the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code must retain copyright notices, this list of 
conditions and the following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
distribution. * Neither the name of the CRYPTOGAMS nor the names of its copyright holder and contributors may be used 
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. ALTERNATIVELY, 
provided that this notice is retained in full, this product may be distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL), 
in which case the provisions of the GPL apply INSTEAD OF those given above. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND 
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY 
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

OpenSSL (apps), libcrypto1, Libssl, openssl, openssl-dev, openssl-libs,
vio, Crypto, OpenSSL, mem_sec.c
Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project
Copyright 2005 Nokia

Copyright (c) 1998-2004 The OpenSSL Project

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 
bzip2 (Copyright (C) 1996-2010 Julian R Seward)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

gd
(* Portions copyright 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001,
  2002, 2003, 2004 by Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. Funded under
  Grant P41-RR02188 by the National Institutes of Health.
* Portions copyright 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003,
  2004 by Boutell.Com, Inc.
* Portions relating to GD2 format copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
  2003, 2004 Philip Warner.
* Portions relating to PNG copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003,
  2004 Greg Roelofs.
* Portions relating to gdttf.c copyright 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002,
  2003, 2004 John Ellson (ellson@graphviz.org).
* Portions relating to gdft.c copyright 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 John
  Ellson (ellson@graphviz.org).
* Portions copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
  Pierre-Alain Joye (pierre@libgd.org).
* Portions relating to JPEG and to color quantization copyright
  2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, Doug Becker and copyright (C) 1994,
  1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004 Thomas
  G. Lane. This software is based in part on the work of the
  Independent JPEG Group. See the file README-JPEG.TXT for more
  information.
* Portions relating to GIF compression copyright 1989 by Jef
  Poskanzer and David Rowley, with modifications for thread safety
  by Thomas Boutell.
* Portions relating to GIF decompression copyright 1990, 1991, 1993
  by David Koblas, with modifications for thread safety by Thomas
  Boutell.
* Portions relating to WBMP copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004
  Maurice Szmurlo and Johan Van den Brande.
* Portions relating to GIF animations copyright 2004 Jaakko HyvÃƒÂ¤tti
  (jaakko.hyvatti@iki.fi))

Permission has been granted to copy, distribute and modify gd in
any context without fee, including a commercial application,
provided that this notice is present in user-accessible supporting
documentation.

This does not affect your ownership of the derived work itself,
and the intent is to assure proper credit for the authors of gd,
not to interfere with your productive use of gd. If you have
questions, ask. "Derived works" includes all programs that utilize
the library. Credit must be given in user-accessible
documentation.

This software is provided "AS IS." The copyright holders disclaim
all warranties, either express or implied, including but not
limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose, with respect to this code and accompanying
documentation.

Although their code does not appear in the current release, the
authors wish to thank David Koblas, David Rowley, and Hutchison
Avenue Software Corporation for their prior contributions.

Libev4
(Copyright: 2007-2012 Marc Alexander Lehmann)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:
.
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
with the distribution.
.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Ztree (czmq)
Emin Martianan
http://web.mit.edu/~emin/www.old/source_code/red_black_tree/index.html

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that neither the name of Emin
Martinian nor the names of any contributors are be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

antlr-runtime(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.antlr/antlr-runtime/3.5.2)(Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr and Sam Harwell)
ANTLR (http://www.antlr.org/license.html)(Copyright (c) 2012 Terence Parr and Sam Harwell)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
* Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

classworlds 
https://github.com/codehaus/classworlds/blob/master/classworlds/LICENSE.txt
Copyright 2002 (C) The Codehaus

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
("Software"), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright
statements and notices. Redistributions must also contain a
copy of this document.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.
3. The name "classworlds" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this Software without prior written
permission of The Codehaus. For written permission, please 
contact bob@codehaus.org.
4. Products derived from this Software may not be called "classworlds"
nor may "classworlds" appear in their names without prior written
permission of The Codehaus. "classworlds" is a registered
trademark of The Codehaus.
5. Due credit should be given to The Codehaus.
(http://classworlds.codehaus.org/).
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CODEHAUS AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE CODEHAUS OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

jls-grok
https://www.openhub.net/p/jls-grok
https://www.openhub.net/licenses/bsd

NOTE: This license definition is used by Ohloh to refer specifically to the BSD Copyright notice, which assigns ownership to the Regents of the University of California. For BSD-style licenses with other owners, Ohloh uses the "bsd_ish" license defintion. 

Copyright 1979, 1980, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: 

This product includes software developed by the University of California, Berkeley and its contributors. 

4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems have given us permission to reprint portions of their documentation. 

In the following statement, the phrase ``this text'' refers to portions of the system documentation. 

Portions of this text are reprinted and reproduced in electronic form in the second BSD Networking Software Release, from IEEE Std 1003.1-1988, IEEE Standard Portable Operating System Interface for Computer Environments (POSIX), copyright C 1988 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. In the event of any discrepancy between these versions and the original IEEE Standard, the original IEEE Standard is the referee document. 

In the following statement, the phrase ``This material'' refers to portions of the system documentation. 

This material is reproduced with permission from American National Standards Committee X3, on Information Processing Systems. Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association (CBEMA), 311 First St., NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20001-2178. The developmental work of Programming Language C was completed by the X3J11 Technical Committee. 

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed or implied, of the Regents of the University of California. 
Read more about this license at http://www.freebsd.org/copyright/license.html 

Libpng
https://github.com/winlibs/libpng/blob/master/LICENSE

This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.

COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:

If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following
this sentence.

This code is released under the libpng license.

libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000 through 1.6.34, September 29, 2017 are
Copyright (c) 2000-2002, 2004, 2006-2017 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are
derived from libpng-1.0.6, and are distributed according to the same
disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals
added to the list of Contributing Authors:

   Simon-Pierre Cadieux
   Eric S. Raymond
   Mans Rullgard
   Cosmin Truta
   Gilles Vollant
   James Yu
   Mandar Sahastrabuddhe
   Google Inc.
   Vadim Barkov

and with the following additions to the disclaimer:

   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with
   the user.

Some files in the "contrib" directory and some configure-generated
files that are distributed with libpng have other copyright owners and
are released under other open source licenses.

libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are
Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are derived from
libpng-0.96, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and
license as libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list
of Contributing Authors:

   Tom Lane
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson
   Willem van Schaik

libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are
Copyright (c) 1996-1997 Andreas Dilger, are derived from libpng-0.88,
and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as
libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to the list of
Contributing Authors:

   John Bowler
   Kevin Bracey
   Sam Bushell
   Magnus Holmgren
   Greg Roelofs
   Tom Tanner

Some files in the "scripts" directory have other copyright owners
but are released under this license.

libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are
Copyright (c) 1995-1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"
is defined as the following set of individuals:

   Andreas Dilger
   Dave Martindale
   Guy Eric Schalnat
   Paul Schmidt
   Tim Wegner

The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject
to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.

  2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not
     be misrepresented as being the original source.

  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any
     source or altered source distribution.

The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be
appreciated.

shadow-utils
https://centos.pkgs.org/
(No copyright found)

NOTE:
  This license has been obsoleted by the change to the BSD-style copyright.
  You may continue to use this license if you wish, but you are under no
  obligation to do so.

(*This document is freely plagiarised from the 'Artistic Licence',
distributed as part of the Perl v4.0 kit by Larry Wall, which is
available from most major archive sites.  I stole it from CrackLib.
 $Id$ *)

This documents purpose is to state the conditions under which this
Package (See definition below) viz: ""Shadow"", the Shadow Password Suite
which is held by Julianne Frances Haugh, may be copied, such that the
copyright holder maintains some semblance of artistic control over the
development of the package, while giving the users of the package the
right to use and distribute the Package in a more-or-less customary
fashion, plus the right to make reasonable modifications. 

So there.

Definitions:

A ""Package"" refers to the collection of files distributed by the
Copyright Holder, and derivatives of that collection of files created
through textual modification, or segments thereof. 

""Standard Version"" refers to such a Package if it has not been modified,
or has been modified in accordance with the wishes of the Copyright
Holder.

""Copyright Holder"" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights
for the package.

""You"" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing this
Package.

""Reasonable copying fee"" is whatever you can justify on the basis of
media cost, duplication charges, time of people involved, and so on.
(You will not be required to justify it to the Copyright Holder, but
only to the computing community at large as a market that must bear the
fee.)

""Freely Available"" means that no fee is charged for the item itself,
though there may be fees involved in handling the item.  It also means
that recipients of the item may redistribute it under the same
conditions they received it.


1.  You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you
duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers.

2.  You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications
derived from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder.  A Package
modified in such a way shall still be considered the Standard Version.

3.  You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way,
provided that you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating
how and when AND WHY you changed that file, and provided that you do at
least ONE of the following:

a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or an
equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on a major archive site
such as uunet.uu.net, or by allowing the Copyright Holder to include
your modifications in the Standard Version of the Package.

b) use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization.

c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with
standard executables, which must also be provided, and provide separate
documentation for each non-standard executable that clearly documents
how it differs from the Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

4.  You may distribute the programs of this Package in object code or
executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

a) distribute a Standard Version of the executables and library files,
together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where
to get the Standard Version.

b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
Package with your modifications.

c) accompany any non-standard executables with their corresponding
Standard Version executables, giving the non-standard executables
non-standard names, and clearly documenting the differences in manual
pages (or equivalent), together with instructions on where to get the
Standard Version.

d) make other distribution arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

5.  You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this
Package.  You may charge any fee you choose for support of this Package. 
YOU MAY NOT CHARGE A FEE FOR THIS PACKAGE ITSELF.  However, you may
distribute this Package in aggregate with other (possibly commercial)
programs as part of a larger (possibly commercial) software distribution
provided that YOU DO NOT ADVERTISE this package as a product of your
own. 

6.  The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

7.  THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

libk5crypto3 (Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology)
libkrb5-3 (Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology)
libkrb5support0 (Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology)
krb5-locales (Copyright (C) 1985-2014 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
""AS IS"" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Downloading of this software may constitute an export of cryptographic
software from the United States of America that is subject to the
United States Export Administration Regulations (EAR), 15 CFR 730-774.
Additional laws or regulations may apply.  It is the responsibility of
the person or entity contemplating export to comply with all
applicable export laws and regulations, including obtaining any
required license from the U.S. government.

The U.S. government prohibits export of encryption source code to
certain countries and individuals, including, but not limited to, the
countries of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, and residents and
nationals of those countries.

Documentation components of this software distribution are licensed
under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)

Individual source code files are copyright MIT, Cygnus Support,
Novell, OpenVision Technologies, Oracle, Red Hat, Sun Microsystems,
FundsXpress, and others.

Project Athena, Athena, Athena MUSE, Discuss, Hesiod, Kerberos, Moira,
and Zephyr are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
(MIT).  No commercial use of these trademarks may be made without
prior written permission of MIT.

"Commercial use" means use of a name in a product or other for-profit
manner.  It does NOT prevent a commercial firm from referring to the
MIT trademarks in order to convey information (although in doing so,
recognition of their trademark status should be given)

libibverbs1
(Roland Dreier)
(http://metadata.ftp-master.debian.org/changelogs/main/libi/libibverbs/)

OpenIB.org BSD license below:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

     - Redistributions of source code must retain the above
       copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
       disclaimer.

     - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
       copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
       disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
       provided with the distribution.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

libldap (Copyright 1998-2007 The OpenLDAP Foundation)
openldap (Copyright 1998-2013, OpenLDAP Foundation)
libldap-common (Copyright 1998-2016 The OpenLDAP Foundation)

The OpenLDAP Public License
  Version 2.7, 7 September 2001

Redistribution and use of this software and associated documentation
(""Software""), with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain copyright statements
   and notices,

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce applicable copyright
   statements and notices, this list of conditions, and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution, and

3. Redistributions must contain a verbatim copy of this document.

The OpenLDAP Foundation may revise this license from time to time.
Each revision is distinguished by a version number.  You may use
this Software under terms of this license revision or under the
terms of any subsequent revision of the license.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION AND ITS
CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE OPENLDAP FOUNDATION, ITS CONTRIBUTORS, OR THE AUTHOR(S)
OR OWNER(S) OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The names of the authors and copyright holders must not be used in
advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealing
in this Software without specific, written prior permission.  Title
to copyright in this Software shall at all times remain with
copyright holders.

libllvm3.9
University of Illinois/NCSA
Open Source License
Copyright (c) 2003-2017 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Developed by:
LLVM Team
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
http://llvm.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
      Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
      endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
      prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.

libogg0
(Copyright (c) 2002-2011, Xiph.org Foundation)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the Xiph.Org Foundation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

openssh-client
(Copyright Â© 1999-2017 OpenBSD)

License: OpenSSH
 Tatu Ylonen's original licence is as follows (excluding some terms about
 third-party code which are no longer relevant; see the LICENCE file for
 details):
 .
   As far as I am concerned, the code I have written for this software
   can be used freely for any purpose.  Any derived versions of this
   software must be clearly marked as such, and if the derived work is
   incompatible with the protocol description in the RFC file, it must be
   called by a name other than ""ssh"" or ""Secure Shell"".
 .
   Note that any information and cryptographic algorithms used in this
   software are publicly available on the Internet and at any major
   bookstore, scientific library, and patent office worldwide.  More
   information can be found e.g. at ""http://www.cs.hut.fi/crypto"".
 .
   The legal status of this program is some combination of all these
   permissions and restrictions.  Use only at your own responsibility.
   You will be responsible for any legal consequences yourself; I am not
   making any claims whether possessing or using this is legal or not in
   your country, and I am not taking any responsibility on your behalf."
   
tcpd
(Copyright 1995 by Wietse Venema) 
Some individual files may be covered by other copyrights.

This material was originally written and compiled by Wietse Venema at
Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands, in 1990, 1991,
1992, 1993, 1994 and 1995.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this entire copyright notice
is duplicated in all such copies.

This software is provided ""as is"" and without any expressed or implied
warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
merchantibility and fitness for any particular purpose.

unzip, zip
(Copyright (c) 1990-2009 Info-ZIP)
For the purposes of this copyright and license, ""Info-ZIP"" is defined as
the following set of individuals:

   Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois,
   Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian Gorman, Chris Herborth,
   Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
   David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko,
   Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs,
   Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda,
   Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren,
   Rich Wales, Mike White.

This software is provided ""as is,"" without warranty of any kind, express
or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages
arising out of the use of or inability to use this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the above disclaimer and the following restrictions:

    1. Redistributions of source code (in whole or in part) must retain
       the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list
       of conditions.

    2. Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables and libraries)
       must reproduce the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer,
       and this list of conditions in documentation and/or other materials
       provided with the distribution.  Additional documentation is not needed
       for executables where a command line license option provides these and
       a note regarding this option is in the executable's startup banner.  The
       sole exception to this condition is redistribution of a standard
       UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as part of a self-extracting archive;
       that is permitted without inclusion of this license, as long as the
       normal SFX banner has not been removed from the binary or disabled.

    3. Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating
       systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with
       modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library
       versions not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not
       be misrepresented as being the original source or, if binaries,
       compiled from the original source.  Such altered versions also must not
       be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not
       limited to, labeling of the altered versions with the names ""Info-ZIP""
       (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to, different
       capitalizations), ""Pocket UnZip,"" ""WiZ"" or ""MacZip"" without the
       explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such altered versions are further
       prohibited from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP
       e-mail addresses or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP
       will provide support for the altered versions.

    4. Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names ""Info-ZIP,"" ""Zip,"" ""UnZip,""
       ""UnZipSFX,"" ""WiZ,"" ""Pocket UnZip,"" ""Pocket Zip,"" and ""MacZip"" for its
       own source and binary releases."
	   
geoip-database
(2007-2015, MaxMind LLC)

OpenDataLicense
All advertising materials and documentation mentioning features or use of
this database must display the following acknowledgment:
""This product includes GeoLite data created by MaxMind, available from
http://maxmind.com/""

 Redistribution and use with or without modification, are permitted provided
 that the following conditions are met:
 1. Redistributions must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
 conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
 materials provided with the distribution.
 2. All advertising materials and documentation mentioning features or use of
 this database must display the following acknowledgement:
 ""This product includes GeoLite data created by MaxMind, available from
 http://maxmind.com/""
 3. ""MaxMind"" may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
 database without specific prior written permission.

 THIS DATABASE IS PROVIDED BY MAXMIND, INC ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
 DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MAXMIND BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
 (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
 ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
 DATABASE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."	  

less
(Copyright (C) 1984-2007  Mark Nudelman)

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice in the documentation and/or other materials provided with 
   the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN 
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
--------------------------------------------------
lsof
(Purdue Research Foundation, West Lafayette, Indiana 47907 2002 - 2011)
License: Purdue

 This software is not subject to any license of the American
 Telephone and Telegraph Company or the Regents of the
 University of California.
 .
 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for
 any purpose on any computer system, and to alter it and
 redistribute it freely, subject to the following
 restrictions:
 .
 1. Neither the authors nor Purdue University are responsible
    for any consequences of the use of this software.

 2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented,
    either by explicit claim or by omission.  Credit to the
    authors and Purdue University must appear in documentation
    and sources.

 3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
    not be misrepresented as being the original software.

 4. This notice may not be removed or altered." 
 
curl, libcurl3, libcurl3-gnutls (1996-2015, Daniel Stenberg)  

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. 


attributes.go
Copyright (c) 2012, Neal van Veen (nealvanveen@gmail.com)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


block.go
Copyright Â© 2011 Russ Ross
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
> modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
> are met:
>
> 1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
>     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
>
> 2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
>     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
>     disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
>     the distribution.
>
> THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
> "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
> LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
> FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
> COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
> INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
> BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
> LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
> CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
> LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
> ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
> POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


compare.go
Copyright (c) 2017 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


form-input-nginx-module

Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, Jiale "calio" Zhi vipcalio@gmail.com.
Copyright (c) 2010-2016, Yichun "agentzh" Zhang agentzh@gmail.com, CloudFlare Inc.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


nodejs-valgrind
Copyright (C) 2000-2007 Julian Seward.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

compress
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

xz
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* My name, Ulrich Kunitz, may not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

dsnet/compress cc9eb1d7ad760af14e8f918698f745e80377af4f

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software 
without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS 
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGE.


Gotty

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those
of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, 
either expressed or implied, of the FreeBSD Project.


kqueue

Copyright (c) 2000 Doug White, 2006 James Knight, 2007 Christian Heimes
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  are met:
  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
  ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
  FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
  OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
  SUCH DAMAGE.


libmpdec

Copyright (c) 2008-2016 Stefan Krah. All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
   are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
   ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
   IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
   FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
   DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
   OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
   HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
   LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
   OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
   SUCH DAMAGE.


Mersenne Twister

Copyright (C) 1997 - 2002, Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura,
   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
   are met:

    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    3. The names of its contributors may not be used to endorse or promote
       products derived from this software without specific prior written
       permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
   EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Sockets

Copyright (C) 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1998 WIDE Project.
   All rights reserved.

   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
   are met:
   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
   3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors
      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
      without specific prior written permission.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
   ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
   IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
   ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
   FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
   DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
   OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
   HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
   LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
   OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
   SUCH DAMAGE.


Werkzeug

Copyright 2007 Pallets

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


END OF BSD-EQUIVALENT LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Common Development and Distribution License (source code
available via the indicated URL):

gopass
(https://github.com/howeyc/gopass/blob/master/OPENSOLARIS.LICENSE),
isatty.c
(http://src.illumos.org/source/xref/illumos-gate/usr/src/lib/libbc/libc/
gen/common/isatty.c), javax.servlet -API
(http://grepcode.com/snapshot/repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax.servlet/servl
et-api/2.5), Jersey (svn co
https://svn.java.net/svn/jersey~svn/tags/jersey-1.11),
vendor/github.com/howeyc/gopass/terminal_solaris.go (https://github.com/jcmoraisjr/haproxy-ingress/tree/d03b4d2c4866c8f7db62e5056589959b9247cf9d),
webrev.ksh (http://hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk8/jdk8/rev/2a8f4c022aa0)
gopass/terminal_solaris.go
(https://github.com/jcmoraisjr/haproxy-ingress/tree/d03b4d2c4866c8f7db62
e5056589959b9247cf9d)
jaxb-impl (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.xml.bind/jaxb-impl)
jaxws-tools (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.xml.ws/jaxws-tools)  
Jersey Guice (https://github.com/logzio/guice-jersey)
jersey-servlet (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-servlet/1.17)
jsr250-api (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.annotation/jsr250-api)
jsr311-api (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/javax.ws.rs/jsr311-api),
terminal_solaris.go (https://github.com/docker/docker-ce/tree/v18.03.1-ce)
activation
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/javax/activation/activation/1.1.1/activ
ation-1.1.1-sources.jar), gopass (Not Found), grizzly
(https://grizzly.dev.java.net/), JAXB API
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/javax/xml/bind/jaxb-api/2.3.0/), jersey
(https://jersey.dev.java.net/), rest
(http://zookeeper.apache.org/releases.html),
opensolaris (https://github.com/howeyc/gopass/archive/master.zip),
GRIZZLY
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/com/sun/grizzly/grizzly-framework/1.9.8/grizzly-framework-1.9.8-sources.jar),
HK2-UTILS
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2/hk2-utils/2.5.0-b32),
HK2-LOCATOR
(http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2/hk2-locator/2.5.0-b32),
FILTER.JAVA [Servlet-API]
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.apache.tomcat/servlet-api),
HK2-API
(https://www.versioneye.com/java/org.glassfish.hk2:hk2-api/2.5.0-b05),
GOPASS [kubernetes]
(https://github.com/howeyc/gopass/blob/master/OPENSOLARIS.LICENSE),
JERSEY-JSON
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.sun.jersey/jersey-json/1.1.5.1),
JAVAX.WS.RS-API
(http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax/ws/rs/javax.ws.rs-api/2.0.1/),
JAVAX.TRANSACTION-API (https://github.com/javaee/javax.transaction),
GRIZZLY-FRAMEWORK
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/com/sun/grizzly/grizzly-framework/1.9.8/grizzly-framework-1.9.8-sources.jar),
JERSEY-SERVER
(https://1maven.com/findpomandjar/com.sun.jersey:jersey-server:1.1.0-ea),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/HOWEYC/GOPASS/OPENSOLARIS.LICENSE
[kubernetes] (https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/v1.11.0),
OSGI-RESOURCE-LOCATOR
(http://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2/osgi-resource-locator/1.0.1),
JERSEY (http://rubygems.org/downloads/logstash-input-kafka-9.0.0.gem),
JAVAX.EJB-API (https://github.com/javaee/javax.ejb), JERSEY-CORE
(https://1maven.com/findpomandjar/com.sun.jersey:jersey-core:1.1.0-ea),
AOPALLIANCE-REPACKAGED
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.glassfish.hk2.external/aopalliance-repackaged/2.5.0-b32),
JAVAX.ANNOTATION-API
(http://repo1.maven.org/maven2/javax/annotation/javax.annotation-api/1.2/),
SOLARIS (https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/archive/a0d98a5f288019575c6d1f4bb1573fef2d1fcdc4.zip), SERVLET-API
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/mortbay/jetty/servlet-api/2.5-20110124/)

END OF COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Common Public License (source code available via the indicated
URL):

BundleWiringOSGiClassLoaderAdapter.java RipperLexer.java (https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-core/9.1.2.0/jruby-core-9.1.2.0-sources.jar),
jruby-openssl (https://github.com/jruby/jruby-openssl/tree/v0.9.16),
junit jar (http://www.junit.org), library.rb
(http://www.eclipse.org/legal/cpl-v10.html)
jnr-posix (https://github.com/jnr/jnr-posix)
JUnit (https://sourceforge.net/projects/junit/files/junit/4.1/)
ripper (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jruby/ripper)

END OF COMMON PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Eclipse Public License (source code available via the
indicated URL):

complex.rb (Not Provided), ffi.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), JRuby (ttps://github.com/jruby/jruby), jruby-core
(https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-core/9.1.2.0/jruby-core-
9.1.2.0-sources.jar), jruby-openssl 0.9.16
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), jruby-stdlib
(https://www.versioneye.com/java/org.jruby:jruby-stdlib/9.1.2.0),
org.eclipse.paho.mqtt.c
(https://github.com/RuntimeTools/omr-agentcore/tree/3.2.6), plexus (Not
Required), Polyglot
(https://github.com/takari/polyglot-maven/releases/tag/polyglot-0.1.18)
JRuby (https://github.com/jruby/jruby/tree/9.0.0.0),
aether-api (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.aether/aether-api)
aether-connector-basic (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.aether/aether-connector-basic)
aether-impl (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.aether/aether-impl)
aether-spi (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.aether/aether-spi)
aether-util (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.sonatype.aether/aether-util)
dirgra (https://github.com/jruby/dirgra)
ecj (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.jdt.core.compiler/ecj/4.4.2)
jruby-openssl (http://rubygems.org/downloads/JRuby-Openssl-0.9.19-java.gem)
logback-core (https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/ch.qos.logback/logback-core/1.1.3)
mavengem (https://github.com/torquebox/mavengem/tree/mavengem-0.2.1)
nexus-ruby-tools (http://grepcode.com/snapshot/repo1.maven.org/maven2/org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-ruby-tools/2.11.4-01/)
org.eclipse.sisu.inject (https://www.eclipse.org/sisu/)
org.eclipse.sisu.plexus (https://www.eclipse.org/sisu/)
ruby-maven (http://rubygems.org/downloads/ruby-maven-3.3.12.gem)
aether-transport-wagon (http://www.grepcode.com/snapshot/repo1.maven.org/maven2/org.eclipse.aether/aether-transport-wagon/1.0.2.v20150114),
mavengem-protocol (https://github.com/torquebox/mavengem/tree/mavengem-0.2.1),
mavengem-wagon (https://github.com/torquebox/mavengem/tree/mavengem-0.2.1),
RUBY-MAVEN (http://rubygems.org/downloads/ruby-maven-3.3.9.gem),
LOGBACK-CLASSIC (http://logback.qos.ch/download.html),
ORG.ECLIPSE.JDT.CORE
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.jdt/org.eclipse.jdt.core/3.10.0),
JRUBY-OPENSSL 0.10.1-JAVA (Not Required), ORG.ECLIPSE.EQUINOX.APP
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/eclipse/equinox/app/1.3.100-v20130327-1442/app-1.3.100-v20130327-1442-sources.jar),
ORG.ECLIPSE.JFACE.TEXT
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.jface/org.eclipse.jface.text),
JRUBY-OPENSSL-0.10.1-JAVA (Not Required), JRUBY-OPENSSL
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/jruby-openssl-0.10.2-java.gem),
ORG.ECLIPSE.EQUINOX.PREFERENCES
(https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.eclipse.birt.runtime.3_7_1/org.eclipse.equinox.preferences/3.4.1),
GRAPHVIZ (No Copyright Found) (https://ftp.drupal.org/files/projects/graphql-8.x-3.0-rc3.zip)

END OF ECLIPSE PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

FREETYPE PROJECT LICENSE

This Program may include some or all of the following based in part on the 
work of the Freetype Project:

freetype

END OF FREETYPE PROJECT LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

INDEPENDENT JPEG GROUP

This Program may include some or all of the following based in part on the 
work of the Independent JPEG Group:

Libjpeg-turbo

END OF INDEPENDENT JPEG LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ISC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the ISC License.

BCRYPT_PBKDF [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2013 Ted Unangst
<tedu@openbsd.org>), NPM-PACKAGE-ARG (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
LIBNPMPUBLISH-1.1.1 (Copyright npm Inc), REQUIRE-MAIN-FILENAME
(Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), FIGGY-PUDDING (Copyright (c) npm
Inc.), NPM-PROFILE-4.0.1 (Copyright npm Inc), ES5-EXT (Copyright (c)
2011-2018 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), FIGGY-PUDDING-3.5.1
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), LIBNPMTEAM-1.0.1 (Copyright npm Inc),
GET-CALLER-FILE (Copyright 2018 Stefan Penner), APROBA (Copyright (c)
2015 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>), NPM-AUDIT-REPORT (Copyright (c)
npm Inc.), LIBNPX (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), REALIZE-PACKAGE-SPECIFIER
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), LIBNPMHOOK (Copyright (c) npm
Inc.), GRACEFUL-FS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter Ben Noordhuis and
Contributors), INIT-PACKAGE-JSON (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
CVSS-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2016 Aaron McCall), MINIPASS (Copyright (c)
npm; Inc. and Contributors), SEMVER (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), MAKE-FETCH-HAPPEN (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
LIBNPM-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), GAUGE (Copyright (c) 2014 Rebecca
Turner <me@re-becca.org>), WHICH (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), NYC (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2015, Contributors), SSRI
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), ARE-WE-THERE-YET (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca
Turner), SEMVER-5.7.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), TAR (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
YAML-1.4.0 (Copyright 2018 Eemeli Aro <eemeli@gmail.com>),
LIBNPMHOOK-5.0.2 (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), LRU-CACHE (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), NPM-LOGICAL-TREE (Copyright (c)
npm Inc.), HITIMES (Copyright (c) 2008 Jeremy HinegardnerCopyright (c)
2008 Jeremy Hinegardner), LIBNPMSEARCH-2.0.0 (Copyright npm Inc),
INFLIGHT (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), NPM-PACKLIST (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), HOSTED-GIT-INFO (Copyright (c)
2015 Rebecca Turner), CLIUI-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors),
COPY-CONCURRENTLY (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>),
CLI-WIDTH (No copyright found), ONCE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), HAR-SCHEMA (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassri
<ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>), NOPT (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), NPM-REGISTRY-CLIENT (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), Y18N (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), ABBREV (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), SETPROTOTYPEOF (Copyright (c)
2015 Wes Todd), READ-PACKAGE-JSON (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
ANYMATCH (Copyright (c) 2014 Elan Shanker), HITIMES-1.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2008-2015 Jeremy Hinegardner), FIGGY-PUDDING-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) npm
Inc.), HITIMES-1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2008-2015 Jeremy Hinegardner),
READ-PACKAGE-TREE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
READ-PACKAGE-TREE-5.2.1 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), RIMRAF (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), LIBNPMACCESS-3.0.1 (Copyright npm Inc), KOA-TEST
(Copyright (c) 2017 Christian AlexÃ¡nder Polanco Valdez), GLOB (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), CIRCULAR-BUFFER (No copyright
found), FIGGY-PUDDING-3.4.1 (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
WRITE-FILE-ATOMIC-2.4.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner), CACACHE
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), CHOWNR (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), FS-MINIPASS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), WHICH-MODULE (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), HEAPDUMP
(Copyright (c) 2012 Ben Noordhuis <info@bnoordhuis.nl>Copyright (c) 2014
StrongLoop Inc.), YARGS-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors),
NPM-REGISTRY-FETCH (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), ISEXE (Copyright (c) Isaac
Z. Schlueter and Contributors), LIBNPMCONFIG-1.2.1 (Copyright npm Inc),
PG-INT8-1.0.1 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2017 Charmander <~@charmander.me>), WRAPPY
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), HITIMES 1.1.0
(Copyright (c) 2008 Jeremy HinegardnerCopyright (c) 2008 Jeremy
Hinegardner), LOCK-VERIFY (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), OSENV (No copyright found), NPM-REGISTRY-FETCH-3.8.0
(Copyright (c) npm Inc.), CLI-COLOR-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2018
Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), NPM-BUNDLED (Copyright (c) npm Inc.
and Contributors), JSON-STRINGIFY-SAFE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), NPM-PROFILE (Copyright npm Inc), NPMLOG (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), HITIMES-1.3.0-JAVA (Copyright
(c) 2008-2015 Jeremy Hinegardner), FS-VACUUM (Copyright (c) 2015 Forrest
L Norvell), LOCKFILE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), WRITE-FILE-ATOMIC (Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner),
NPM-PICK-MANIFEST-2.2.3 (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), SIGNAL-EXIT (Copyright
(c) 2015 Contributors), UNIQUE-FILENAME (Copyright npm Inc), FSTREAM
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), LIBNPMORG-1.0.0
(Copyright npm Inc), STRINGIFY-PACKAGE (Copyright npm Inc), SET-BLOCKING
(Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), FIND-NPM-PREFIX (Copyright npm Inc),
NPM-PACKLIST-1.2.0 (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
YALLIST (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
block-stream(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter), cacache(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), cacache(Copyright (c) npm
Inc.), call-limit(No copyright found), cli-width(Copyright (c) 2015  Ilya
Radchenko <ilya@burstcreations.com>), cliui(Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors),
cliui(Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors), copy-concurrently(Copyright (c) 2017 
Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>), dezalgo(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), events-to-array(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), find-npm-prefix(Copyright npm  Inc), fs-vacuum(Copyright (c) 2015
Forrest L Norvell), fs-write-stream-atomic(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), fstream-npm(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
glob(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), glob(Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), glob(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), glob-parent(Copyright (c) 2015 Elan Shanker),
hosted-git-info(Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner), ini(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), init-package-json(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter), init-package-json(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), isexe(Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), libnpmhook(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.),
libnpx(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), lock-verify(Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), make-fetch-happen(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.),
make-fetch-happen(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), minimatch(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), move-concurrently(Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca
Turner <me@re-becca.org>), nestedtest(No Copyright found),
normalize-git-url(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Forrest L Norvell),
npm-audit-report(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), npm-cache-filename(Copyright (c) npm 
Inc. and Contributors), npm-logical-tree(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.),
npm-package-arg(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), npm-pick-manifest(Copyright
(c) npm  Inc.), npm-profile(Copyright npm  Inc), npm-registry-client(Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), npm-registry-client(Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), npm-registry-fetch(Copyright (c) npm 
Inc.), npm-registry-fetch(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), npmlog(Copyright (c) Isaac
Z. Schlueter and Contributors), npmlog(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), osenv(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
promise-inflight(Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>),
promzard(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), proto-list(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), qw(Copyright (c) 2016  Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), read-cmd-shim(Copyright (c) 2015; Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), read-installed(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
read-package-tree(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
readdir-scoped-modules(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
request-promise-core(Copyright (c) 2016  Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors),
require-main-filename(Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors), rimraf(Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), ssri(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.),
ssri(Copyright (c) npm  Inc.), stealthy-require(Copyright (c) 2017  Nicolai
Kamenzky and contributors), stringify-package(Copyright npm  Inc),
swagger-schema-official(No Copyright found), tar(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), unique-filename(Copyright npm; Inc),
unique-slug(Copyright npm; Inc), validate-npm-package-name(Copyright (c) 2015 
npm  Inc), validate-npm-package-name(Copyright (c) 2015  npm  Inc),
which(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), which-module(Copyright
(c) 2016  Contributors), which-module(Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors),
wide-align(Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>),
write-file-atomic(Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner), y18n(Copyright (c) 2015 
Contributors), yallist(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
NPM-PACKAGE-ARG (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
ESLINT-PLUGIN-PROMISE ((c) MMXV jden (c) 2016 Jamund Ferguson), ES5-EXT
(Copyright (c) 2011-2019 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo medikoo.com), MINIMATCH
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), TYPE (No Copyright
Found), APROBA [npm] (By Rebecca), DAVECGH/GO-SPEW
5215B55F46B2B919F50A1DF0EAA5886AFE4E3B3D (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Dave
Collins <dave@davec.name>), HARD-SOURCE-WEBPACK-PLUGIN (Copyright (c)
2016 Michael "Z" Goddard <mzgoddard@gmail.com>), NODE-HAR-VALIDATOR
[npm] (Copyright (c) 2018 Ahmad Nassri <ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>),
TEST-EXCLUDE (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors), NPM-JSON.5 [npm] (No
Copyright Statement found), GRACEFUL-FS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter Ben Noordhuis and Contributors), MINIPASS (Copyright (c) npm
Inc. and Contributors), PSEUDOMAP (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), SEMVER (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), RXJS-OPERATORS (NODE) (No Copyright found),
MAKE-FETCH-HAPPEN (Copyright (c) npm Inc.),
POSTCSS-MODULES-EXTRACT-IMPORTS (Copyright 2015 Glen Maddern),
@CONCORDANCE/REACT (Copyright (c) 2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), BCRYPT_PBKDF PORTIONS
(Copyright (c) 2013 Ted Unangst <tedu@openbsd.org>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/HOWEYC/GOPASS/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), YAML (Copyright
2018 Eemeli Aro <eemeli@gmail.com>), WHICH (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), CLI-COLOR (Copyright (C) 2012 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), READ (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), TAR (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
LRU-CACHE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), HITIMES
(Copyright (c) 2008-2015 Jeremy Hinegardner), REQUESTS_OAUTHLIB (Kenneth
Reitz), SORTED-PACKAGE-JSON.JS [npm] (By Rocko Artischocko), INFLIGHT
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), NPM-PACKLIST (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), CLI-WIDTH (Copyright (c) 2015 Ilya
Radchenko <ilya@burstcreations.com>), ONCE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), HAR-SCHEMA (Copyright (c) 2015 Ahmad Nassri
<ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>), NOPT (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), ABBREV (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
SETPROTOTYPEOF (Copyright (c) 2015 Wes Todd), IS-INTEGER (Copyright (C)
2004 Sam Hocevar \<sam@hocevar.net>Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>), READ-PACKAGE-JSON (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter), @TIMKENDRICK/MONACO-EDITOR (Copyright (c) 2018 Tim
Kendrick), CONCORDANCE (Copyright (c) 2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), REQUEST-PROMISE (Copyright
(c) 2017 Nicolai Kamenzky Ty Abonil and contributors), DEZALGO [npm] (By
Isaac Z. Schlueter), READ-PACKAGE-TREE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and Contributors), RIMRAF (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), SPLIT2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Matteo Collina
<hello@matteocollina.com>), LOG (Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Mariusz Nowak
@medikoo medikoo.com), GLOB (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), PACKAGE.JSON.MD [npm] (No Copyright Statement found),
CHOWNR (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), HEAPDUMP
(Copyright (c) 2012 Ben Noordhuis <info@bnoordhuis.nl>Copyright (c) 2014
StrongLoop Inc.), DURATION (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Mariusz Nowak
@medikoo medikoo.com), ELECTRON-TO-CHROMIUM (Copyright 2018 Kilian
Valkhof), SPRINTF-KIT (Copyright (c) 2018 Mariusz Nowak @medikoo
medikoo.com), YARGS-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2016 Contributors),
MEMO-PARSER (No copyright found), DAVECGH/GO-SPEW
782F4967F2DC4564575CA782FE2D04090B5FACA8 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave
Collins <dave@davec.name>), MATERIAL-COLORS (Copyright 2014 Shuhei
Kagawa), NPM-REGISTRY-FETCH (Copyright (c) npm Inc.), ISEXE (Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), WRAPPY (Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors), LOCK-VERIFY (Copyright (c) 2017 Rebecca
Turner <me@re-becca.org>), OSENV (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), INHERITS (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
DAVECGH/GO-SPEW 6D212800A42E8AB5C146B8ACE3490EE17E5225F9 (Copyright (c)
2012-2013 Dave Collins <dave@davec.name>), NPM-BUNDLED (Copyright (c)
npm Inc. and Contributors), HOWEYC/GOPASS (Copyright (c) 2012 Chris
Howey), JSON-STRINGIFY-SAFE (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), NPMLOG (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), PACKAGE-HASH (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), FLATTED (Copyright (c) 2018
Andrea Giammarchi @WebReflection), WELL-KNOWN-SYMBOLS (Copyright (c)
2017 Mark Wubben <mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)),
DAVECGH/GO-SPEW-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave Collins
<dave@davec.name>), DAVECGH/GO-SPEW-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave
Collins <dave@davec.name>), WRITE-FILE-ATOMIC (Copyright (c) 2015
Rebecca Turner), FS.REALPATH (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.),
SIGNAL-EXIT (Copyright (c) 2015 Contributors), MICROSERVICE (NODE) (No
copyright found), REQUEST-PROMISE-NATIVE (Copyright (c) 2017 Nicolai
Kamenzky and contributors), NYC (Copyright (c) 2016
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2015 Rebecca TurnerCopyright JS Foundation and
other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. SampleCopyright 2015 Yahoo!
Inc.Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and contributorsCopyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright
(c) Meryn Stol ("Author")Copyright (c) 2015 Ben YoungbloodCopyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright
2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. SampleCopyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)Copyright (c)
2016 ContributorsCopyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.Copyright (c) 2016-2017
Mark Wubben <mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2015 JD BallardCopyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Node.js
contributors James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)Copyright (c) 2015 ContributorsCopyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
2015 ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com) 2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms
and conditions of Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]Copyright
(c) Feross AboukhadijehCopyright (c) 2015 Rebecca TurnerCopyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
2016 ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
2010-2018 Caolan McMahonCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2013 James
Halliday (mail@substack.net)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
BuusCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2017 Kat
MarchÃ¡nCopyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright 2018 Stefan PennerCopyright (c) 2015 Javier
BlancoCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo! Inc.Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2012-2015 Yahoo!
Inc.Copyright (c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)Copyright (C) 2011-2017 by Yehuda KatzCopyright
(c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and contributorsCopyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors 2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the
terms and conditions of Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright
owner]Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors Copyright Joyent
Inc. and other Node contributors.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
BuusCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright (c) 2016 ContributorsCopyright 2013
Thorsten Lorenz. Copyright (c) 2015 JD BallardCopyright (c) 2015 Kyle E.
Mitchell & other authors listed in AUTHORSCopyright (c) 2015
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnitedCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) keik <k4t0.kei@gmail.com>Copyright (c)
2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and contributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright 2012-2018 (c) Mihai Bazon
<mihai.bazon@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla Foundation and
contributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2018 Made With MOXY Lda
<hello@moxy.studio>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other
contributorsCopyright (c) 2016 ContributorsCopyright (c) 2018 Tobias
ReichCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter Ben Noordhuis and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Kevin Martensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>
(github.com/kevva)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
2015 Contributors), RELEASE-ZALGO (Copyright (c) 2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), YALLIST (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), gopass (Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey)


ISC License

Copyright (c) 2004-2010 by Internet Systems Consortium, Inc. ("ISC") 
Copyright (c) 1995-2003 by Internet Software Consortium

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ISC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL ISC BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

END OF ISC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

JDOM LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the JDOM License:

JDOM

JDOM license

Copyright (C) 2000-2004 Jason Hunter & Brett McLaughlin.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer. 

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
   notice, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer that follows these 
   conditions in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
   distribution. 

3. The name "JDOM" must not be used to endorse or promote products 
   derived from this software without prior written permission. For written 
   permission, please contact <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. 

4. Products derived from this software may not be called "JDOM", nor may 
   "JDOM" appear in their name, without prior written permission from the 
   JDOM Project Management <request_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. 

In addition, we request (but do not require) that you include in the 
end-user documentation provided with the redistribution and/or in the 
software itself an acknowledgement equivalent to the following: 

"This product includes software developed by the JDOM Project 
(http://www.jdom.org/)." 

Alternatively, the acknowledgment may be graphical using the logos 
available at http://www.jdom.org/images/logos . 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN 
NO EVENT SHALL THE JDOM AUTHORS OR THE PROJECT CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many 
individuals on behalf of the JDOM Project and was originally created by 
Jason Hunter <jhunter_AT_jdom_DOT_org> and Brett McLaughlin 
<brett_AT_jdom_DOT_org>. For more information on the JDOM Project, 
please see http://www.jdom.org/. 

END OF JDOM LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE

JSLINT [Jshint (node)], jsmin.js (jquery.tablesorter)

Copyright (c) 2002 Douglas Crockford (www.JSLint.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

END OF JSON WITH NO EVIL CLAUSE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Library General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send a written request to the following address: IBM Corporation, Dept. FPDA, 3039 Cornwallis Rd., Research Triangle Park NC 27709 identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

Chardet, blkid, trivial database library, yaml

                  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, June 1991

 Copyright (C) 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the library GPL.  It is
 numbered 2 because it goes with version 2 of the ordinary GPL.]

                            Preamble

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change
free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

  This license, the Library General Public License, applies to some
specially designated Free Software Foundation software, and to any
other libraries whose authors decide to use it.  You can use it for
your libraries, too.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if
you distribute copies of the library, or if you modify it.

  For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis
or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
code.  If you link a program with the library, you must provide
complete object files to the recipients so that they can relink them
with the library, after making changes to the library and recompiling
it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

  Our method of protecting your rights has two steps: (1) copyright
the library, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

  Also, for each distributor's protection, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
library.  If the library is modified by someone else and passed on, we
want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original
version, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on
the original authors' reputations.

  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that companies distributing free
software will individually obtain patent licenses, thus in effect
transforming the program into proprietary software.  To prevent this,
we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's
free use or not licensed at all.

  Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary
GNU General Public License, which was designed for utility programs.  This
license, the GNU Library General Public License, applies to certain
designated libraries.  This license is quite different from the ordinary
one; be sure to read it in full, and don't assume that anything in it is
the same as in the ordinary license.

  The reason we have a separate public license for some libraries is that
they blur the distinction we usually make between modifying or adding to a
program and simply using it.  Linking a program with a library, without
changing the library, is in some sense simply using the library, and is
analogous to running a utility program or application program.  However, in
a textual and legal sense, the linked executable is a combined work, a
derivative of the original library, and the ordinary General Public License
treats it as such.

  Because of this blurred distinction, using the ordinary General
Public License for libraries did not effectively promote software
sharing, because most developers did not use the libraries.  We
concluded that weaker conditions might promote sharing better.

  However, unrestricted linking of non-free programs would deprive the
users of those programs of all benefit from the free status of the
libraries themselves.  This Library General Public License is intended to
permit developers of non-free programs to use free libraries, while
preserving your freedom as a user of such programs to change the free
libraries that are incorporated in them.  (We have not seen how to achieve
this as regards changes in header files, but we have achieved it as regards
changes in the actual functions of the Library.)  The hope is that this
will lead to faster development of free libraries.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The
former contains code derived from the library, while the latter only
works together with the library.

  Note that it is possible for a library to be covered by the ordinary
General Public License rather than by this special one.

                  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

  0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized
party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Library
General Public License (also called "this License").  Each licensee is
addressed as "you".

  A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

  The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

  "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
and installation of the library.

  Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
and what the program that uses the Library does.
  
  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
Library.

  You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
fee.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
the scope of this License.

  3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
these notices.

  Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

  This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

  4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
medium customarily used for software interchange.

  If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
compelled to copy the source along with the object code.

  5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
therefore falls outside the scope of this License.

  However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

  When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

  If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
Library will still fall under Section 6.)

  Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

  6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile or
link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications.

  You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

  For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally
distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
the executable.

  It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.

  7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
permitted, and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
the Library or works based on it.

  10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
this License.

  11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is
implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
impose that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

  12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
written in the body of this License.

  13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Library General Public License from time to time.
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
"any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
the Free Software Foundation.

  14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software generally.

                            NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

                     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
                     
END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Lesser General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send a written request to the following address: IBM Corporation, Dept. FPDA, 3039 Cornwallis Rd., Research Triangle Park NC 27709 identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

SETUP.RB [bindata (Ruby Gem)], MULTICAST DNS SERVICE FOR PYTHON [hg],
REXICAL, SETUP [bindata (Ruby Gem)], RACC, LDD, 
CHARDET [Pip], PACKER.JS [jquery.tablesorter], PARSEMASTER.JS
[jquery.tablesorter], XMLHTTPREQUEST [Esprima (node)], VENDOR [Pip],
PHP_COMPAT, PACKER V2.0.2, HTMLPURIFIER, _INIT_.PY [websocket-client]

                  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2.1, February 1999

Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
 as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
 the version number 2.1.]

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to 
share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses are 
intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software--to 
make sure the software is free for all its users. 

This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some 
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the Free 
Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You can use 
it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this 
license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to 
use in any particular case, based on the explanations below. 

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not 
price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you 
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for 
this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it if 
you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in 
new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these 
things. 

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid 
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these 
rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you 
if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it. 

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or 
for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you. 
You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. 
If you link other code with the library, you must provide complete 
object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them with the 
library after making changes to the library and recompiling it. And you 
must show them these terms so they know their rights. 

We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the 
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal 
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library. 

To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there is 
no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified by 
someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what they 
have is not the original version, so that the original author's 
reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by 
others. 

Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any 
free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively 
restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license 
from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist that any patent license 
obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full 
freedom of use specified in this license. 

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary 
GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public 
License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite different 
from the ordinary General Public License. We use this license for 
certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into 
non-free programs. 

When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a 
shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a 
combined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinary 
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire 
combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser General Public 
License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the 
library. 

We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it does 
Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General Public 
License. It also provides other free software developers Less of an 
advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantages are the 
reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries. 
However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special 
circumstances. 

For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to 
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it 
becomes a de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be 
allowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a free library 
does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In this case, there 
is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only, so 
we use the Lesser General Public License. 

In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free 
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free 
software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free 
programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system, 
as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system. 

Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the 
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked 
with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program 
using a modified version of the Library. 

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and 
modification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a 
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". The 
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must 
be combined with the library in order to run. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 

0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other 
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other 
authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this 
Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each 
licensee is addressed as "you". 

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data 
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs 
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables. 

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which 
has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library" 
means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law: 
that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it, either 
verbatim or with modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into 
another language. (Hereinafter, translation is included without 
limitation in the term "modification".) 

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making 
modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means all the 
source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated interface 
definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation and 
installation of the library. 

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not 
covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running 
a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a 
program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the 
Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing 
it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the 
program that uses the Library does. 

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's complete 
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you 
conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate 
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices 
that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty; and 
distribute a copy of this License along with the Library. 

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and 
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee. 


2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of 
it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute 
such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided 
that you also meet all of these conditions: 

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.
    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices 
       stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge 
       to all third parties under the terms of this License.
    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a 
       table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses 
       the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility 
       is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure 
       that, in the event an application does not supply such function 
       or table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part 
       of its purpose remains meaningful.

      (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has 
      a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the 
      application. Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any 
      application-supplied function or table used by this function must 
      be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square 
      root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If 
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library, and 
can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in 
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those 
sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you 
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on 
the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this 
License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire 
whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it. 

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest 
your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to 
exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or 
collective works based on the Library. 

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library 
with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of a 
storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the 
scope of this License. 

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public 
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do 
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so that 
they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2, 
instead of to this License. (If a newer version than version 2 of the 
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify 
that version instead if you wish.) Do not make any other change in these 
notices. 

Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that 
copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all 
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy. 

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the 
Library into a program that is not a library. 

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative 
of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the 
terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the 
complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be 
distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium 
customarily used for software interchange. 

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a 
designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source 
code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the 
source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the 
source along with the object code. 

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library, 
but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked 
with it, is called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in 
isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls 
outside the scope of this License. 

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library creates 
an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it contains 
portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the library". 
The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section 6 states 
terms for distribution of such executables. 

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file 
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a 
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not. 
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked 
without the Library, or if the work is itself a library. The threshold 
for this to be true is not precisely defined by law. 

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure 
layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten 
lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is 
unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work. 
(Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library 
will still fall under Section 6.) 

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may 
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6. 
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether 
or not they are linked directly with the Library itself. 

6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link a 
"work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work 
containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under terms 
of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of the work 
for the customer's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such 
modifications. 

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the 
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by 
this License. You must supply a copy of this License. If the work during 
execution displays copyright notices, you must include the copyright 
notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference directing the 
user to the copy of this License. Also, you must do one of these things: 


    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding 
       machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever 
       changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under 
       Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked 
       with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that 
       uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the 
       user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified 
       executable containing the modified Library. (It is understood 
       that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in 
       the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the 
       application to use the modified definitions.)
    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the 
       Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a 
       copy of the library already present on the user's computer 
       system, rather than copying library functions into the 
       executable, and (2) will operate properly with a modified version 
       of the library, if the user installs one, as long as the modified 
       version is interface-compatible with the version that the work 
       was made with.
    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least three 
       years, to give the same user the materials specified in 
       Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of 
       performing this distribution.
    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy 
       from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the 
       above specified materials from the same place.
    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these 
       materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the Library" 
must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the 
executable from it. However, as a special exception, the materials to be 
distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed (in 
either source or binary form) with the major components (compiler, 
kernel, and so on) of the operating system on which the executable runs, 
unless that component itself accompanies the executable. 

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions 
of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the 
operating system. Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them 
and the Library together in an executable that you distribute. 

7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library 
side-by-side in a single library together with other library facilities 
not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined library, 
provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library 
and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided 
that you do these two things: 

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based 
       on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities. 
       This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above.
    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that 
       part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where 
       to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the 
Library except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt 
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the 
Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this 
License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you 
under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as 
such parties remain in full compliance. 

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not 
signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or 
distribute the Library or its derivative works. These actions are 
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by 
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the 
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all 
its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the 
Library or works based on it. 

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the 
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the 
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library 
subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further 
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. 
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with 
this License. 

11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent 
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues), 
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or 
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not 
excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot distribute 
so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and 
any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not 
distribute the Library at all. For example, if a patent license would 
not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all those who 
receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you 
could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from 
distribution of the Library. 

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under 
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to 
apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other 
circumstances. 

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any 
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any 
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the 
integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented 
by public license practices. Many people have made generous 
contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that 
system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up to 
the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute 
software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that 
choice. 

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be 
a consequence of the rest of this License. 

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in 
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the 
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may 
add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those 
countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries 
not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the 
limitation as if written in the body of this License. 

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions 
of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new 
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may 
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns. 

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library 
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any 
later version", you have the option of following the terms and 
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by 
the Free Software Foundation. If the Library does not specify a license 
version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free 
Software Foundation. 

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free 
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these, 
write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is 
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software 
Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be 
guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives 
of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software 
generally. 

NO WARRANTY

15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO 
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR 
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE 
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH 
YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL 
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN 
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY 
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY 
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED 
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF 
THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR 
OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MODIFIABLE THIRD PARTY CODE

This Program includes some or all of the following Modifiable Third 
Party Code that IBM obtained under the GNU Lesser General Public 
License. For copies of the source code for this software, send a written request to the following address: IBM Corporation, Dept. FPDA, 3039 Cornwallis Rd., Research Triangle Park NC 27709 identifying the IBM Program and the Modifiable Third Party Code for which you are requesting the source code. 

ratelimit (Go), ratelimit, LIBUSB [rake-compiler-dock (Ruby Gem)],
RATELIMIT, UTILS (PYTHON), YAML.V2

                   GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.


  This version of the GNU Lesser General Public License incorporates
the terms and conditions of version 3 of the GNU General Public
License, supplemented by the additional permissions listed below.

  0. Additional Definitions.

  As used herein, "this License" refers to version 3 of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, and the "GNU GPL" refers to version 3 of the GNU
General Public License.

  "The Library" refers to a covered work governed by this License,
other than an Application or a Combined Work as defined below.

  An "Application" is any work that makes use of an interface provided
by the Library, but which is not otherwise based on the Library.
Defining a subclass of a class defined by the Library is deemed a mode
of using an interface provided by the Library.

  A "Combined Work" is a work produced by combining or linking an
Application with the Library.  The particular version of the Library
with which the Combined Work was made is also called the "Linked
Version".

  The "Minimal Corresponding Source" for a Combined Work means the
Corresponding Source for the Combined Work, excluding any source code
for portions of the Combined Work that, considered in isolation, are
based on the Application, and not on the Linked Version.

  The "Corresponding Application Code" for a Combined Work means the
object code and/or source code for the Application, including any data
and utility programs needed for reproducing the Combined Work from the
Application, but excluding the System Libraries of the Combined Work.

  1. Exception to Section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  You may convey a covered work under sections 3 and 4 of this License
without being bound by section 3 of the GNU GPL.

  2. Conveying Modified Versions.

  If you modify a copy of the Library, and, in your modifications, a
facility refers to a function or data to be supplied by an Application
that uses the facility (other than as an argument passed when the
facility is invoked), then you may convey a copy of the modified
version:

   a) under this License, provided that you make a good faith effort to
   ensure that, in the event an Application does not supply the
   function or data, the facility still operates, and performs
   whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful, or

   b) under the GNU GPL, with none of the additional permissions of
   this License applicable to that copy.

  3. Object Code Incorporating Material from Library Header Files.

  The object code form of an Application may incorporate material from
a header file that is part of the Library.  You may convey such object
code under terms of your choice, provided that, if the incorporated
material is not limited to numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, or small macros, inline functions and templates
(ten or fewer lines in length), you do both of the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the object code that the
   Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the object code with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

  4. Combined Works.

  You may convey a Combined Work under terms of your choice that,
taken together, effectively do not restrict modification of the
portions of the Library contained in the Combined Work and reverse
engineering for debugging such modifications, if you also do each of
the following:

   a) Give prominent notice with each copy of the Combined Work that
   the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
   covered by this License.

   b) Accompany the Combined Work with a copy of the GNU GPL and this license
   document.

   c) For a Combined Work that displays copyright notices during
   execution, include the copyright notice for the Library among
   these notices, as well as a reference directing the user to the
   copies of the GNU GPL and this license document.

   d) Do one of the following:

       0) Convey the Minimal Corresponding Source under the terms of this
       License, and the Corresponding Application Code in a form
       suitable for, and under terms that permit, the user to
       recombine or relink the Application with a modified version of
       the Linked Version to produce a modified Combined Work, in the
       manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL for conveying
       Corresponding Source.

       1) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
       Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (a) uses at run time
       a copy of the Library already present on the user's computer
       system, and (b) will operate properly with a modified version
       of the Library that is interface-compatible with the Linked
       Version.

   e) Provide Installation Information, but only if you would otherwise
   be required to provide such information under section 6 of the
   GNU GPL, and only to the extent that such information is
   necessary to install and execute a modified version of the
   Combined Work produced by recombining or relinking the
   Application with a modified version of the Linked Version. (If
   you use option 4d0, the Installation Information must accompany
   the Minimal Corresponding Source and Corresponding Application
   Code. If you use option 4d1, you must provide the Installation
   Information in the manner specified by section 6 of the GNU GPL
   for conveying Corresponding Source.)

  5. Combined Libraries.

  You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side by side in a single library together with other library
facilities that are not Applications and are not covered by this
License, and convey such a combined library under terms of your
choice, if you do both of the following:

   a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based
   on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities,
   conveyed under the terms of this License.

   b) Give prominent notice with the combined library that part of it
   is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find the
   accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

  6. Revised Versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License.

  The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
of the GNU Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such new
versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

  Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the
Library as you received it specifies that a certain numbered version
of the GNU Lesser General Public License "or any later version"
applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that published version or of any later version
published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Library as you
received it does not specify a version number of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, you may choose any version of the GNU Lesser
General Public License ever published by the Free Software Foundation.

  If the Library as you received it specifies that a proxy can decide
whether future versions of the GNU Lesser General Public License shall
apply, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of any version is
permanent authorization for you to choose that version for the
Library.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

END OF GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MIT LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the MIT License:

/base/yaml-2-0/LICENSE.libyaml (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov),
43783 (Copyright (c) 2006 Revieworld Ltd), 43785 (Copyright (c) 2000 -
2015 The Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.), @spalger/numeral (Copyright
(c) 2012 Adam Draper), acorn-to-esprima v1.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-config-supervisor (Copyright
(c) 2012-2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.),
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-hmac (Copyright (c) 2012 Adobe Systems
Incorporated. All rights reserved.), cross-fetch (Copyright (c) 2017 Leonardo QuixadÃ¡),
adobe-apiplatform/api-gateway-request-validation (Copyright (c)
2012-2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated), adobe-apiplatform/apigateway
(Copyright (c) 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated), ajv (Copyright (c) 2015
Evgeny Poberezkin), ajv 5.5.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Evgeny Poberezkin),
alsa-lib-1.1.3(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), analytics-go
(No copyright found), Angular (Copyright (c) 2014, Joshua Bell),
ansi-styles 2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), Ansible-2.4.1.0(jQuery v1.4.2) (Copyright 2010,
John Resig), Ansible-2.4.1.0(selectors2.py) (Copyright (c) 2016 Seth
Michael Larson), Ansible-2.4.1.0(sizzle) (Copyright 2010, The Dojo
Foundation), Ansible-2.4.1.0(Underscore.js 0.5.5) ((c) 2009 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.), ansicolour (Copyright (c) [2014]
[shiena]), API.md (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Cavalier),
apk-tools-2.6.9(lua) ((c) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio),
apk-tools-2.7.1(lua) ((c) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio),
apk-tools-2.7.2(lua) ((c) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio), archy (Not
Found), armon/do-radix (Copyright (c) 2014 Armon Dadgar), Artsy codebase
files (No Copyright found), async 2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Caolan
McMahon), Atob (node) (Copyright (c) 2015 AJ ONea),
babel-helper-builder-react-jsx v6.24.1 (No copyright found),
babel-helpers v6.24.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-add-module-exports v0.2.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-constant-folding v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-dead-code-elimination v1.0.2 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-eval v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-inline-environment-variables v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-jscript v1.0.4 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-member-expression-literals v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-property-literals v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-proto-to-assign v1.0.4 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-react-constant-elements v1.0.3 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-react-display-name v1.0.3 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-remove-console v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-remove-debugger v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-runtime v1.0.7 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-class-properties v6.13.0 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-flow v6.18.0 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-jsx v6.18.0 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-object-rest-spread v6.13.0 (No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-async-generator-functions v6.24.1 (No copyright
found), babel-plugin-transform-react-display-name v6.25.0 (No copyright
found), babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-self v6.22.0 (No copyright
found), babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-source v6.22.0 (No copyright
found), babel-plugin-undeclared-variables-check v1.0.2 (No copyright
found), babel-plugin-undefined-to-void v1.1.6 (No copyright found),
backbone.js ((c) 2010-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.),
Backbone.js 0.9.1 ((c) 2010-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.),
Backbone.js Underscore.js ((c) 2010-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
Inc.), backo-go (Copyright (c) 2015 Segment, Inc.), Base.js (Copyright
(c) 2006 Dean Edwards), base64_encode (None found), bcabanes
(DocumentCloud Inc.), bcpkix-jdk15on (Copyright (c) 2000 - 2013 The
Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.), bcprov 1.54. (Copyright (c) 2000 -
2015 The Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.
(https://www.bouncycastle.org)), Benchmark.js (Copyright (c) Mathias
Bynens and John-David Dalton), bestiejs (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian
Cavalier), blob.js (no copyright statement found), bluebird (Copyright
(c) 2013-2015 Petka Antonov), bluebird 3.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2015
Petka Antonov), bolt (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Johnson), boltdb/bolt
(Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Johnson), Bootstrap 3.1.1 (Copyright 2011-2014
Twitter, Inc.), Bootstrap 3.3.5 (Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Twitter, Inc.),
botocore-1.7.32-0/tests/unit/docs/bcdoc/test_docstringparser.py
(Copyright 2016 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.),
botocore/vendored/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/ordered_dict.py
(Copyright 2009 Raymond Hettinger),
botocore/vendored/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/six.py (Copyright
(c) 2010-2011 Benjamin Peterson), bower (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and
other contributors), bower-config (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and other
contributors), bower-endpoint-parser (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and
other contributors), bower-json (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and other
contributors), bower-logger (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and other
contributors), bower-registry-client (Copyright (c) 2012 Twitter and
other contributors), boxen 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), buffer (Copyright (c)
Feross Aboukhadijeh, and other contributors.), buffer module from
node.js (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.),
Build-android.gsl (None found), builtins (Copyright (c) 2015 Julian
Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), c files of libyml (Copyright (c) 2006
Kirill Simonov), call-limit 1.1.0 - ISC (Copyrignt (c) Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>), camelcase (Copyright (c) 2015 Fatih Arslan),
cardinal (Copyright 2012 Thorsten Lorenz), cast (Copyright (c) 2014
Steve Francia), ccache (Copyright (c) 2013 Karl Seguin.), chalk
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), circbuf (Copyright (c) 2013 Armon
Dadgar), CJSON (Copyright (c) 2009-201Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Mark
Pulford <mark@kyne.com.au), CKSource Samples Framework (Copyright (c)
2014-2017, CKSource - Frederico Knabben), cli-boxes 1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
clitable2-color (Copyright (c) Marak Squires), CodeMirror (Copyright (C)
2014 by Marijn Haverbeke <marijnh@gmail.com> and others), commander
2.12.2 (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
complex.js (Copyright (c) 2016, Robert Eisele), config (Copyright (c)
2016 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.), connection-parse
v0.0.7 (No copyright found), control.js (Copyright (c) 2008 Engine Yard,
Inc.), CRC32 (Copyright (c) 2011 Matthew Francis), cron (Copyright (C)
2012 Rob Figueired), crypto-browserify (Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic
Tarr), crypto-random-string 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), custom-event v1.0.0 (No
copyright found), cyclist 0.2.2 (Copyright (c) Mathias Buus Madsen
<mathiasbuus@gmail.com>), dashdash 1.12.2 (Copyright 2016 Trent Mick
Copyright 2016 Joyent, Inc.), date.js 0.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Matt
Mueller <mattmuelle@gmail.com>), decimal.js (Copyright (c) 2017 Michael
Mclaughlin), decompress-zip (Â© Bower team), dedent (Copyright (c) 2015
Peter RenstrÃ¶m), deep-eql (copyright(c) 2013 Jake Luer,
jake@alogicalparadox.com), deepcopy (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel), deprecate
v1.0.0 (No copyright found), destroy (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), detect-conflict v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
detect-indent 5.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), diskv (Copyright (c)
2011-2012 Peter Bourgon), distlib (Copyright (C) 2012 The Python
Software Foundation; Copyright (C) 2013-2016 Vinay Sajip.), Domass.js
(Developed by Robert Nyman/DOMAssistant team), dot-prop 4.1.1 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), dtoa.c &
g_fmt.c - ((C) 2012 Stephen Dolan), easyjson (Copyright (c) 2016 Mail.Ru
Group), Elegant Themes (Copyright Â© 2017 Elegant Themes), elfbsd.S
(Copyright (c) 2013 Miodrag Vallat), err-code 1.1.2 (Copyright (c) Andre
Cruz), es6-module-loader v0.17.11 (Copyright (c) 2016 Guy Bedford, Luke
Hoban, Addy Osmani;), es6-promise 4.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda Katz
Tom Dale Stefan Penner and contributors), es6-promisify 5.0.0 (Copyright
(c) Mike Hall <mikehall314@gmail.com>), examples/security (Copyright (c)
2010-2013 iMatix Corporation and Contributors), execa 0.4.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
expiry-js v0.1.7 (No copyright found), extend-shallow 3.0.1 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert.), faker (Copyright(c) 2011-2013 Bermi
Ferrer <bermi@bermilabs.com>), fast-json-stable-stringify v2.0.0 (No
copyright found), findup-sync (Copyright (c) 2013-2016, "Cowboy" Ben
Alman), flannel-route-manager (Copyright (c) 2014 Kelsey Hightower),
Foldcase (Copyright Mathias Bynens), Font Awesome CSS (No Copyright
found), fraction.js (Copyright (c) 2015, Robert Eisele), freebsd.S
(Copyright (c) 1996, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005 Red Hat, Inc.
Copyright (c) 2008 BjÃƒÆ’Ã‚Â¶rn KÃƒÆ’Ã‚Â¶nig), from2 1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Hugh Kennedy), functional.js (No Copyright found), GCC-4.9.2(X11R5/6)
(Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), GCC-5.4.0(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C)
1994 X Consortium), Generic hash table implementation (Copyright (c)
2006 Dustin Sallings <dustin@spy.net>), Gherkin (Copyright (c) 2014-2016
Cucumber Ltd, Gaspar Nagy), ginkgo (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi
Fakhouri), github (Copyright (c) 2012 Cloud9 IDE, Inc. (Mike de Boer)),
glide.sh (Copyright (C) 2014-2016, Matt Butcher and Matt Farina
Copyright (C) 2016, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP Copyright
(C) 2015, Google), go-ansiterm (Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft
Corporation), go-buffruneio (Copyright (c) 2016 Thomas Pelletier),
go-colorable (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri), go-httpclient
(Copyright (c) 2012 Matt Reiferson), go-i18n (Copyright (c) 2014 Nick
Snyder https://github.com/nicksnyder), go-issaty (Copyright (c) Yasuhiro
MATSUMOTO <mattn.jp@gmail.com>), go-md2man (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian
Goff), Go-metrics (Copyright (c) 2013 Armon Dadgar), go-restful
(Copyright (c) 2012,2013 Ernest Mickle), go-restful-swagger (Copyright
(c) 2012,2013 Ernest Mickle), go-shellquote (Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin
Ballard), go-shellwords (Copyright (c) 2017 Yasuhiro Matsumoto),
go-term-ansicolor (Copyright (c) 2012 koyachi), go-toml (Copyright (c)
2013 - 2016 Thomas Pelletier, Eric Anderton), go-vhd (Copyright (c) 2015
Sergio Rubio), go-winio (Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft), go-wordwrap
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto), goconvey (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 SmartyStreets, LLC), godotenv (Copyright (c) 2013 John
Barton), gomega (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri), govalidator
(Copyright (c) 2013 Armon Dadgar), grouped-queue v0.3.3 (Copyright (c)
2013 Simon Boudrias (twitter: @vaxilart)), gruntfile-editor v1.2.1
(Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter: @vaxilart)), handlebars
(Copyright (C) 2011-2016 by Yehuda Katz), heredoc (Copyright (c) 2014
TSUYUSATO Kitsune), hssshim (Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft), html-wiring
v1.2.0 (No copyright found), HTML5 Shiv (Copyright (c) 2014 Alexander
Farkas (aFarkas).), HTML5 Shiv v3.6.2pre (Copyright (c) 2014 Alexander
Farkas (aFarkas).), http-parser (Not Required), http-proxy-agent 2.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt), http2curl (Copyright (c) 2015
Manfred Touron), httpcache (Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones
(greg.jones@gmail.com)), humanize-ms 1.2.1 (Copyright(c) 2014 dead_horse
<dead_horse@qq.com>), ieee754 - bytebuffer 5.0.1 (Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh), import-lazy 2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), index (Copyright (c) 2015
Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.), Inflection (Copyright
(c) 2015 - Jinzhu), influxdb ((c) 2013-2016 Errplane Inc.), inquirer
(Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias), install-sh (Unknown), install.sh
(Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), interpret 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Tyler Kellen), is-bzip2 v1.0.0 (Â© [Kevin
MÃ¥rtensson](https://github.com/kevva), is-gzip v1.0.0 (No copyright
found), is-root (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-tar v1.0.0 (No copyright found), is-url v1.2.2
(No copyright found), is-zip v1.0.0 (No copyright found), ISO-RELAX
(Copyright (c) 2001-2002, SourceForge ISO-RELAX Project (ASAMI Tomoharu,
Daisuke Okajima, Kohsuke Kawaguchi, and MURATA Makoto)), iso8601
(Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Twomey), iyacc/yacc.c (Copyright Ã‚Â©
1994-1999 Lucent Technologies Inc. All rights reserved.), jade-loader
v0.7.1 (No copyright found), jar-dependencies 0.2.6. (Copyright (C) 2014
Christian Meier), Jasmine (Copyright (c) 2008-2014 Pivotal Labs),
jasmine 2.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 Pivotal Labs), Jest (Copyright
(c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc.), jmank88/nuts (Copyright (c) 2017
Jordan Krage), jmespath (Copyright (c) 2013 Amazon.com), jq ((C) 2012
Stephen Dolan), jQuery (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), jQuery 1.6.4. (Copyright 2011, John Resig), jquery 1.7.1
(Copyright 2011, John Resig), jQuery 1.7.2 (Copyright (c) 2011 John
Resig, http://jquery.com/), jQuery JavaScript Library (Copyright 2011,
John Resig), jQuery JavaScript Library v1.4.2 (Copyright 2010, John
Resig), jQuery JavaScript Library v1.7.2 (Copyright 2011, John Resig),
jQuery Migrate v1.1.1 ((c) 2005, 2013 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other
contributors), jquery UI (Copyright: None found), jQuery v1.2.6
(Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig (jquery.com)), jQuery v1.8.2 (Copyright
2013 jQuery Foundation and other contributors), jquery.treeview.js
(Copyright (c) 2007 JÃ¶rn Zaefferer), jsdom - node-fetch-npm 2.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2010 Elijah Insua), JSLitmus.js (Copyright (c) 2008-2009,
Robert Kieffer), JSMIN (No Copyright found), json-iterator-go (Copyright
(c) 2016 json-iterator), json-refs (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremy Whitlock),
json-refs 2.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremy Whitlock),
json-schema-traverse (node) (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
json-schema-view ((c) Tom de Grunt tom@degrunt.nl),
json-stable-stringify-without-jsonify v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
json_index.rb (Copyright (c) 2009 Vladimir Kolesnikov), jsonpath
(Copyright (c) 2015 Exponent Labs LLC), jsonq (Copyright (c) 2012, Jason
Moiron), jsonwebtoken (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0, Inc.
<support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), jsprim 1.4.0 (Copyright (c)
2012 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), jtold (Copyright (c) 2013, Space
Monkey, Inc.), junk (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), jvyaml (Copyright (c)
2009-2010 Ola Bini <ola.bini@gmail.com>), jwalterweatherman (Copyright
(c) 2014 Steve Francia), jwt-go (Copyright (c) 2012 Dave Grijalva),
kind-of 6.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), lab-14.3.1 -
Blanket (Copyright (c) 2013 Alex Seville), lab-14.3.1 - Falafel
(Copyright (c) James Halliday), latest-version 3.1.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
lazy-property 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola Lysenko), leaflet-draw
(Copyright 2012 Jacob Toye), levenshtein distance algorithm (Andrei
Mackenzie), levenshtein distance algorithm - yargs 8.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2011 Andrei Mackenzie), libffi (Copyright (c) 1996-2014  Anthony Green,
Red Hat, Inc and others.), libgcc-6.3.0(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), libgnutls-deb0-29-3.3.9(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), libgpg-error-1.24(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), libpgm-5.2.122(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium),
libtasn1-4.1(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), libx11
(Copyright (C) 2003-2006,2008 Jamey Sharp, Josh Triplett Copyright Â©
2009 Red Hat, Inc. Copyright 1990-1992,1999,2000,2004,2009,2010 Oracle
and/or its affiliates.), libXau (Copyright (c) 1994  X Consortium),
libxcb (Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey, Jamey Sharp, and Josh
Triplett.), libXext-1.3.3(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium),
Libxml2 (Copyright (C) 1998-2012 Daniel Veillard.  All Rights
Reserved.), libyaml (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), lodash
(Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters &
Editors), lodash (Custom Build) (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors, Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), lodash._arraycopy-3.0.0 - Underscore.js -1.7.0
(Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas), lodash._arraymap-3.0.0 -
Underscore.js -1.7.0 (Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas),
lodash._arrayreach-3.0.0 - Underscore.js -1.7.0 (Copyright 2009-2015
Jeremy Ashkenas), lodash._basedifference-3.0.3 - Underscore.js -1.8.3
(Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas), lodash._basefor-3.0.3 -
Underscore.js -1.8.3 (Copyright 2009-2016 Jeremy Ashkenas),
lodash._pickbyarray-3.0.2 - Underscore.js -1.8.3 (Copyright 2009-2015
Jeremy Ashkenas), lodash._pickbycallback-3.0.0 - Underscore.js -1.7.0
(Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas), lodash._toplainobject-3.0.0 -
Underscore.js -1.7.0 (Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas),
lodash.omi-3.1.0 - Underscore.js -1.8.2 (Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy
Ashkenas), lodash.pick-3.1.0 - Underscore.js -1.8.2 (Copyright 2009-2015
Jeremy Ashkenas), Logback (Copyright (c) 2011 John Resig), logrus
(Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Eskildsen), loopback-context v1.0.0 (Copyright
IBM Corp. 2015. All Rights Reserved.), lsyncd-install.sh (No copyright
found), lu_cmsgpack.c (Copyright (C) 2012 Salvatore Sanfilippo. All
rights reserved), Lua (Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.),
Lua-cjson (Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Mark Pulford), lua-resty-iputils
(Copyright (c) 2013 Hamish Forbes), lua.h, lua_struct.c (Copyright (C)
1994-2012 Lua.org, PUC-Rio. All rights reserved.), LuaJit (Copyright (C)
2005-2015 Mike Pall. All rights reserved.), lumberjack.v2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Nate Finch), mapstructure (Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto),
Markdown-it Samples (Copyright (c) 2014 Vitaly Puzrin, Alex Kocharin),
markdown.kpeg (Copyright John MacFarlane), marked - a markdown parser
(Copyright (c) 2011-2013, Christopher Jeffrey.), Masterminds (Copyright
(C) 2014-2015, Matt Butcher and Matt Farina), md5 (Copyright (c) 2005
Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P), md5-hex (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), mem-fs v1.1.3 (No
copyright found), mem-fs-editor v2.3.0 (No copyright found),
mem-fs-editor v3.0.2 (No copyright found), mime (Copyright (c) 2010
Benjamin Thomas, Robert Kieff), mime 1.6.0 (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin
Thomas Robert Kieffer), mime-db 1.21.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), minimatch.js ((c) 2009-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas),
minitest. (Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, Seattle.rb), mkdirp (Copyright 2010
James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), mocha.js (Copyright(c) 2011 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), modern-syslog v1.1.2 (Copyright (c)
2013-2015 StrongLoop Inc.), moment 2.19.3 (Copyright (c) JS Foundation
and other contributors), MooTools (Copyright (c) 2006-2008 [Valerio
Proietti](http://mad4milk.net/).), mout (Copyright (c) 2012, 2013 moutjs
team and contributors (http://moutjs.com)), multipipe v0.1.2 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Segment.io Inc. &lt;friends@segment.io&gt;Copyright (c) 2014
Julian Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), murmurhash3 (Copyright
(c) 2012 Sokolov Yura 'funny-falcon'), musl (Copyright Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â© 2005-2014
Rich Felker, et al.), nanomatch 1.2.6 (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), Native promise only ((c) Kyle Simpson), Natural Sort
algorithm for Javascript (Jim Palmer), negroni (Copyright 2013
ChaiShushan <chaishushan{AT}gmail.com>.), nghttp2 (Copyright (c) 2012,
2014, 2015, 2016 Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa Copyright (c) 2012, 2014, 2015,
2016 nghttp2 contributors), nightlyone (Copyright (c) 2012 Ingo Oeser),
no-ui-slider v1.2.0 (No copyright found), node-fetch-npm (Copyright (c)
2016 David Frank), node-report (Copyright (c) 2016 node-report
contributors), node-uuid (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and
other contributo|rs), node.extend (Copyright 2011, John Resig), node.js
(copyright Joyent), Node.js Buffer Module (Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh <feross@feross.org> <http://feross.org>), NodeJS (Copyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.), nokogiri (Ruby Gem)
(Copyright (c) 2008 - 2015:  Aaron Patterson), normalize (Copyright:None
found), normalize.css (Copyright Â© Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal),
normalize.css v2.1.3 (Copyright Â© Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal),
npm-run-path 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), nvm (Copyright (C) 2010-2017 Tim Caswell and Jordan
Harband), objx (Copyright (c) 2014 Stretchr, Inc.), obsd.S (Copyright
(c) 2013 Miodrag Vallat), opengl (Copyright (c) 2007 The Khronos Group
Inc.), opn (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>),
p-throttler (Copyright (c) 2012 IndigoUnited), package-json 4.0.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), path-key 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), path-loader 1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jeremy Whitlock), pelletier/go-buffruneio (Copyright
(c) 2016 Thomas Pelletier), perks (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany),
PicoModal (Copyright (c) 2012 James Frasca), Pip (Copyright (c)
2008-2016 The pip developers), pip (Python) (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 The
pip developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)), Polyfill (Copyright Mathias
Bynens), pop-iterate v1.0.1 (No copyright found),
posix-character-classes (node) (Copyright (c) 2016-2017, Jon
Schlinkert), postcss-reduce-initial (Copyright (c) Ben Briggs), preboot
v2 (Copyright:None found), precond v0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 Mathieu
Turcotte), Prism (Copyright Lea Verou https://lea.verou.me), probing
(Copyright (c) 2015 Xiang Li), promise-retry 1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2014
IndigoUnited), promised-ldap v0.3.0 (No copyright found), promptly
(Copyright (c) 2012 IndigoUnited), Prototype JavaScript framework
v1.6.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Sam Stephenson), prr(node) (Copyright
2013, Rod Vagg (the "Original Author") All rights reserved.), py-YAML
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), py2-pip (Copyright (c) 2008-2016
The pip developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)), pyfpm (Copyright (c) 2012
Martin Blech), PyParsing (Copyright (c) 2003-2016  Paul T. McGuire),
pyparsing.py (Copyright (c) 2003-2016 Paul T. McGuire), Python-six
(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Benjamin Peterson), pyyaml (Copyright (c) 2006
Kirill Simonov), q (Copyright 2009â€“2017 Kristopher Michael Kowal), QUnit
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), rake 10.1.0 (Copyright
(c) 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 Jim Weirich), RAMda (Copyright (c)
2013-2014 Scott Sauyet and Michael Hurley), RapidJson (Copyright (C)
2011 Milo Yip), raymond (Copyright (c) 2015 Aymerick JEHANNE), rc4-ia64
(Copyright (c) 2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.),
react-anything-sortable-1.1.0 - Modernizr-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Faruk
Ates, Paul Irish, Alex Sexton), react-anything-sortable-1.6.1 -
Modernizr (Copyright (c) Faruk Ates, Paul Irish, Alex Sexton),
react-color-2.11.1 - remarkable-1.5.0 (Copyright Â© 2015 Jon Schlinkert),
react-color-2.11.1 - TinyColor-1.1.2 (Copyright Â© Brian Grinstead),
react-css-1.0.7 - Autolinker.js-0.15.3 (Copyright(c) 2015 Gregory
Jacob), react-css-1.0.7 - FuckAdBlock-3.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Valentin
Allaire), react-css-1.0.7 - lodash-3.10.1 (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation), react-css-1.0.7 - Modernizr-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Faruk
Ates, Paul Irish, Alex Sexton), react-css-1.0.7 - NodeJS Merge-1.2.0
(Copyright 2014 yeikos), react-css-1.0.7 - normalize.css-3.0.3
(Copyright Â© Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), react-css-1.0.7 -
typechecks (Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), react-css-1.0.7
- Underscore.js-1.8.3 (Copyright 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas), react-modal
(Node) (Copyright (c) 2014 Ryan Florence), react-toggle-3.0.1 -
escape-html library (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ Holowaychuk Copyright
(c) 2015 Andreas Lubbe Copyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu),
react-toggle-3.0.1 - Modernizr-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Faruk Ates, Paul
Irish, Alex Sexton), read-chunk v1.0.1 (No copyright found), Readdirp
(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz), reduce-reducers v0.1.2 (No
copyright found), regenerator-runtime 0.11.0 (Copyright (c) Ben Newman
<bn@cs.stanford.edu>), registry-auth-token 3.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2016
Espen Hovlandsdal), request-progress (Copyright (c) 2012 IndigoUnited),
requireg (Copyright 2013 Tomas Aparicio), RequireJS (Copyright (c)
2010-2011, The Dojo Foundation), resolve (Not found), respond.min.js
(copyright (c) 2012: Scott Jehl, Paul Irish, Nicholas Zakas.), retry
(Copyright (c) 2011: Tim KoschÃ¼tzki (tim@debuggable.com) Felix
GeisendÃ¶rfer (felix@debuggable.com)), rison-node-1.0.0 - json.js
(Copyright (c) 2002 JSON.org), rngom (Copyright (C) 2004-2011), rootpath
v0.1.2 (No copyright found), RubyGems 2.4.8. (Copyright 2006 by Chad
Fowler, Rich Kilmer, Jim Weirich and others.), sanitized_anchor_name
(Copyright (c) 2015 Dmitri Shuralyov), santori-uuid (Copyright (C)
2013-2016 by Maxim Bublis <b@codemonkey.ru>), saucelabs_runner.js
(Copyright (c) 2012 Parashuram), scanelf (from gentoo
pax-utils)-1.1.6(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium), scanelf
(from gentoo pax-utils)-1.2.2(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), scheduler (Copyright (c) 2015 Carles Cerezo GuzmÃ¡n),
script-loader v0.6.1 (No copyright found), scripts-lua (Copyright (c)
2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.), sdboyer/constext
(Copyright (c) 2017 Sam Boyer), sean-seed (Copyright (c) 2017 Sean
Chittenden Copyright (c) 2016 Alex Dadgar), seek-bzip (Copyright &copy;
2013-2015 C. Scott Ananian), semver (Copyright (c) 2014 Benedikt Lang
<github at benediktlang.de>), semver-diff 2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), setbuf (Copyright
(c) 2010-2011 Mark Pulford <mark@kyne.com.au>), setproctil (Copyright
(C) 2010 William Ahern Copyright (C) 2013 Salvatore Sanfilippo Copyright
(C) 2013 Stam He), setproctitle.c (Copyright (C) 2010 William Ahern,
Copyright (C) 2013 Salvatore Sanfilippo, Copyright (C) 2013 Stam He),
setuptools (Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs <jaraco@jaraco.com>),
shell-quote (Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
shortid (Copyright (c) Dylan Greene All rights reserved.), simpleredis
(Copyright (c) 2015 Alexander F RÃ¸dseth), Six (Copyright (c) 2010-2015
Benjamin Peterson), Sizzle (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors http://jquery.com/), Sizzle CSS (Copyright 2011, The Dojo
Foundation), Sizzle CSS Selector Engine (Copyright 2011, The Dojo
Foundation), Sizzle.js (Copyright 2005, 2013 jQuery Foundation, Inc.),
SLF4J-simple (Copyright (c) 2004-2007 QOS.ch), SMHasher (Copyright (c)
2010-2012 Austin Appleby), Snappy (Ruby Gem) (Copyright (c) 2011-2013
miyucy), socks-proxy-agent 3.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt), sorted-union-stream 2.1.3 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
spdx-expression-parse (Copyright (c) 2015 Kyle E. Mitchell & other
authors listed in AUTHORS), sshpass-1.05(X11R5/6) (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), sshpk 1.7.3 (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.),
stat-mode v0.2.2 (No copyright found), statsd (Copyright (c) 2010-2014
Etsy), stream-iterate 1.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus),
string-width 2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), strip-outer v1.0.0 (Â© [Sindre
Sorhus](http://sindresorhus.com)), striptags 3.1.1 (Copyright (c) [2017]
[Eric Norris]), strong-globalize-3.1.0-0/deps/cldrjs/dist/cldr/event.js
(Copyright 2013 Rafael Xavier de Souza),
strong-globalize-3.1.0-0/deps/globalize/dist/globalize/message.js
(Copyright 2012-2015 Alex Sexton, Eemeli Aro, and Contributors),
Substack-example (James Halliday), sun awt (Copyright (c) 1994
Hewlett-Packard Co. Copyright (c) 1996 X Consortium), SWFObject
(Copyright 2007 Geoff Stearns), systemstat (Copyright (c) 2013 Phillip
Bond), tar-fs (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), term-size 0.1.1
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), testify (Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and
Tyler Bunnell), TestRail (Copyright (c) 2015 Etienne Duclos), The buffer
module from node.js, for the browser. (Feross Aboukhadijeh
<feross@feross.org> <http://feross.org>), tinycolor2-1.0.0 - QUnit
v1.11.0 (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
tinycolor2-1.0.0 - QUnit.diff (Copyright (C) John Resig),
tinycolor2-1.0.0 - Sizzle CSS Selector Engine (Copyright 2012 jQuery
Foundation and other contributors), tinycolor2-1.0.0 - Sizzle.js
(Copyright 2005, 2012 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other contributors),
tinycolor2-1.4.1 - QUnit v1.11.0 (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and
other contributors), tinycolor2-1.4.1 - QUnit.diff (Copyright (C) John
Resig), tinycolor2-1.4.1 - Sizzle CSS Selector Engine (Copyright 2012
jQuery Foundation and other contributors), tinycolor2-1.4.1 - Sizzle.js
(Copyright 2005, 2012 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other contributors),
tmp (Copyright (c) 2014 KARASZI IstvÃ¡n), Topictags.py (Copyright (c)
2015 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.), Ugorji-go (Copyright (c)
2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke), Underscore (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), underscore-contrib (Copyright
(c) 2013 Jeremy Ashkenas, Michael Fogus, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), underscore.js ((c) 2009-2014 Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), Underscore.js
1.3.1 ((c) 2009-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.), Underscore.js
1.8.3 (Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), underscore.string (Copyright 2011, John Resig),
unique-string 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), unzipper 0.8.11 (Copyright
(c) 2012 - 2013 Near Infinity Corporation), uritemplates (Copyright (c)
2013 Joshua Tacoma), user-home (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), UTF8Exception.java
(Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann <bjoern@hoehrmann.de>), UUID
(Copyright (c) 2010-2012 Robert Kieffer), vbom.ml-util (Copyright (c)
2015 Frits van Bommel), vendor/github.com/armon/go-proxyproto/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2014 Armon Dadgar),
vendor/github.com/beorn7/perks/README. (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake
Mizerany), vendor/github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go/LICENSE (Copyright (c)
2012 Dave Grijalva), vendor/github.com/emicklei/go-restful/compress.go
(Copyright (c) 2012,2013 Ernest Micklei),
vendor/github.com/fullsailor/pkcs7/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2015 Andrew
Smith), vendor/github.com/ghodss/yaml/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam
Ghods), vendor/github.com/go-openapi/swag/yaml_test.go (None Found),
vendor/github.com/gregjones/httpcache/README.md (Copyright Â© 2012 Greg
Jones), vendor/github.com/json-iterator/go/README.md (Copyright (c) 2016
json-iterator), vendor/github.com/kr/pty/License (Copyright (c) 2011
Keith Rarick), vendor/github.com/mailru/easyjson/LICENSE (Copyright (c)
2016 Mail.Ru Group), vendor/github.com/mitchellh/go-ps/LICENSE.md
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto),
vendor/github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2013
Mitchell Hashimoto), vendor/github.com/moul/http2curl/LICENSE (Copyright
(c) 2015 Manfred Touron),
vendor/github.com/ncabatoff/process-exporter/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2016
ncabatoff), vendor/github.com/onsi/ginkgo/ginkgo_dsl.go (Copyright (c)
2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri),
vendor/github.com/onsi/ginkgo/reporters/stenographer/support/go-isatty/L
ICENSE (Copyright (c) Yasuhiro MATSUMOTO),
vendor/github.com/onsi/gomega/matchers/support/goraph/MIT.LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2014 Amit Kumar Gupta),
vendor/github.com/parnurzeal/gorequest/README.md (Copyright (c) 2014
Theeraphol Wattanavekin), vendor/github.com/peterbourgon/diskv/LICENSE
(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter Bourgon),
vendor/github.com/zakjan/cert-chain-resolver/README.md (Copyright (c)
2015 Jan Å½Ã¡k), vendor/gopkg.in/go-playground/pool.v3/README.md
(Copyright (c) 2015 Dean Karn), vendor/gopkg.in/yaml.v2/LICENSE.libyaml
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), viper (Copyright (c) 2014 Steve
Francia), VKBeautify (Copyright (c) 2012 Vadim Kiryukhin), w3c-blob
v0.0.1 (No copyright found), ware v1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Segment.io
&lt;friends@segment.io&gt;), wcwidth 1.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2012 by Jun
Woong.), WebSocketClient.java (Copyright (c) 2009 Carl BystrÃ…Â¡m),
When.js (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Cavalier), windows-autoconf (Copyright
2017 - Refael Ackermann), word-count v0.2.2 (No copyright found),
worker-farm 1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 LevelUP contributors), wrap-fn
v0.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Matthew Mueller
&lt;mattmuelle@gmail.com&gt;), write-file-atomic (node) (Copyright (c)
2015, Rebecca Turner), xdg-basedir 3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), yamlv2.0 (Copyright (c)
2006 Kirill Simonov), yargs 8.0.2 (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net) Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), z-schema (Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and other
contributors), z-schema (node) (Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and
other contributors), zeroclipboard (Copyright 2012 Jon Rohan, James M.
Greene),bench.c (Copyright Fedor Indutny. All rights reserved.), beorn7/perks
(Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), brightray (Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Adam Roben <adam@roben.org>), cmurmur3.c (Copyright (c) 2011 Austin
Appleby), Dirent interface 1.21 (Primary Package: pkgconf 1.4.1)
(Copyright (C) 2006-2012 Toni Ronkko), diskv (Copyright (c) 2011-2012
Peter Bourgon), easyjson (Copyright (c) 2016 Mail.Ru Group), electron
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 GitHub Inc.), emicklei/go-restful (Copyright
2013 Ernest Micklei. All rights reserved.),
emicklei/go-restful-swagger12 (Copyright 2015 Ernest Micklei. All rights
reserved.), fraction (Copyright (c) 2017 Robert Eisele), ghodss/yaml
(Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), go-playground/pool.v3 (Copyright (c)
2015 Dean Karn), go-spew (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave Collins
<dave@davec.name>), gregjones/httpcache (Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones
(greg.jones@gmail.com)), howeyc/gopass (Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey),
http parser (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.), jquery-2.0.3.min.js ((c) 2005, 2013 jQuery
Foundation, Inc.), json-iterator/go (Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator),
mapstructure (Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), md5 (Copyright (c)
2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P), mturk.py (Copyright 2017
Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.), nan.h
(Copyright (c) 2016 NAN contributors), php-yaml-2.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2007 Ryusuke SEKIYAMA; Copyright (c) 2009 Keynetics Inc; Copyright (c)
2015 Bryan Davis and contributors), py2-pip-9.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2008-2016 The pip developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)), rc4-ia64
(Copyright (c) 2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.), sshpk
(Copyright Joyent, Inc. All rights reserved.), topictags.py (Copyright
(c) 2015 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved),
toposort (Copyright (c) 2012 by Marcel Klehr <mklehr@gmx.net>), util.py
(Copyright (c) 2009 Raymond Hettinger)
@angular/animations((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/common((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/compiler(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Google;
Inc.),@angular/core((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/forms((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/http((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/platform-browser((c) 2010-2017 Google;
Inc. https://angular.io/),@angular/platform-browser-dynamic((c)
2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/platform-server(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Google; Inc.),@angular/router((c) 2010-2017 Google; Inc.
https://angular.io/),@angular/upgrade(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Google;
Inc.),@ava/babel-plugin-throws-helper(Copyright (c) James
Talmage),@ava/babel-preset-stage-4(Copyright (c) Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net>
(novemberborn.net)),@ava/babel-preset-transform-test-files(Copyright (c)
Mark Wubben),@bigfunger/jsondiffpatch(Copyright (c) 2014 Benjamï¿½n
Eidelman twitter.com/beneidel),@elastic/httpolyglot(Copyright 2014 Brian
White. All rights
reserved.),@elastic/webpack-directory-name-as-main(Copyright Tobias
Koppers),@ngx-translate/core(Copyright (c) 2016 Olivier
Combe),@spalger/filesaver(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Eli
Grey),@spalger/ui-ace(Copyright (c) 2012 the AngularUI
Team),@types/body-parser(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.),@types/events(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.),@types/express(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All
rights reserved.),@types/express-serve-static-core(Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),@types/mime(Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),@types/node(Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.),@types/serve-static(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All
rights reserved.),1to2(No copyright
found),accept-language-parser(Copyright (c) 2013
Opentable),accepts(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),acorn(Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by various
contributors (see AUTHORS)),acorn-globals(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay),acorn-jsx(Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by Ingvar
Stepanyan),acorn-to-esprima(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),addressing(Copyright (c) 2014 Commerce
Guys),addressparser(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),agent-base(No copyright found),agentkeepalive(Copyright(c) 2012
- 2015 fengmk2 <fengmk2@gmail.com>Copyright(c) node-modules and other
contributors.),aiosmtplib(No Copyright Identified),ajv(Copyright (c)
2015 Evgeny Poberezkin),ajv-keywords(Copyright (c) 2016 Evgeny
Poberezkin),align-text(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),alphanum-sort(Copyright (c) Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>),alter(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),amdefine(Copyright (c) 2011-2016  The Dojo
FoundationCopyright (c) 2011-2016  The Dojo
Foundation),amqplib(Copyright (c) 2013  2014 Michael Bridgen
<mikeb@squaremobius.net>),angular((c) 2010-2014 Google;
Inc.),angular-animate(Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),angular-aria(Copyright
(c) 2016 Angular),angular-bootstrap(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-bootstrap-colorpicker(Copyright (c) 2013 Michal
Zielenkiewicz),angular-elastic(Copyright (c) 2014
Monospaced),angular-highlightjs(Copyright (c) 2013 Robin
Fan),angular-json-schema-form(Copyright (c) 2015 Mohsen
Azimi),angular-marked(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Jayson
Harshbarger),angular-material(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Google; Inc.
http://angularjs.org),angular-messages(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-native-dragdrop(Copyright (c) 2015 Ganaraj P R 
[Nebithi](http://www.nebithi.com)),angular-pretty-xml(Copyright (c) 2015
Nikita Khomyakov <dr.evil@krtn.eu>),angular-resource(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-route(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Google  Inc.
http://angularjs.org),angular-sanitize(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-sortable-view(Copyright (c) 2014
kamilkp),angular-translate(Copyright (c) <2014>
<pascal.precht@gmail.com>),angular-ui-ace(Copyright (c) 2012 the
AngularUI Team 
http://angular-ui.github.com),angular-ui-validate(Copyright (c) 2015
AngularUI),annotations(Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Doctrine
Project),ansi-bgblack(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgblue(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgcyan(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bggreen(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgmagenta(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgred(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgwhite(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bgyellow(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-black(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-blue(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-bold(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansicolors(Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.),ansi-colors(Copyright (c) 2015  Brian
Woodward.),ansi-cyan(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon Schlinkert),ansi-dim(Copyright
ï¿½ 2015 Jon Schlinkert),ansi-escapes(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),ansi-gray(Copyright ï¿½ 2015
Jon Schlinkert),ansi-green(Copyright (c) <%= year() %>  Jon
Schlinkert.),ansi-grey(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-hidden(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-inverse(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-italic(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-magenta(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-red(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-regex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),ansi-reset(Copyright ï¿½ 2015
Jon Schlinkert),ansi-strikethrough(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansistyles(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),ansi-styles(ï¿½
[Sindre Sorhus](http://sindresorhus.com)),ansi-underline(Copyright ï¿½
2015 Jon Schlinkert),ansi-white(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),ansi-wrap(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),ansi-yellow(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),any-promise(Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin
Beaty),append-field(Copyright (c) 2015 Linus
Unnebï¿½?ck),append-transform(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),archiver(Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Chris Talkington  contributors.),archiver-utils(Copyright (c)
2015 Chris Talkington.),archive-type(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),archy(No copyright
found),argparse(Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly Puzrin),array-differ(ï¿½
Sindre Sorhus),array-each(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),array-find-index(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),array-flatten(Copyright (c)
2014 Blake Embrey (hello@blakeembrey.com)),array-index(Copyright (c)
2012 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>),array-slice(Copyright (c)
2014-2017; Jon Schlinkert.),array-sort(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),array-union(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),array-uniq(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),array-unique(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),arr-diff(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),arr-exclude(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),arr-flatten(Copyright (c)
2014-2017  Jon Schlinkert.),arrify(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),arr-union(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Jon Schlinkert.),asap(Copyright 2009ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½2013 Contributors. All
rights reserved.),asn1(Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage; All rights
reserved.),asn1.js(Copyright Fedor Indutny; 2013.),assert(Copyright (c)
2014 Bernhard Schussek),assertion-error(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@qualiancy.com> (http://qualiancy.com)),assert-plus(Copyright (c)
2012 Mark Cavage),assignment(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Nicolas
Bevacqua),assign-symbols(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),ast-query(Copyright (c) 2013 Simon
Boudrias),ast-traverse(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),ast-types(Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Newman
<bn@cs.stanford.edu>),async(Copyright (c) 2010 Caolan
McMahon),async-each((c) 2016 Paul Miller
(http://paulmillr.com)),asynckit(Copyright (c) 2016 Alex
Indigo),async-limiter(Copyright (c) 2017 Samuel Reed
<samuel.trace.reed@gmail.com>),atoa(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Nicolas
Bevacqua),auto-bind(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),autobind-decorator(Copyright (c) 2017 Andrey
Popp),autoprefixer(Copyright 2013 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>),autoprefixer-core(Copyright 2013 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>),autoprefixer-loader(Copyright (c) 2014 Pascal
Hartig),ava(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),ava-init(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),awesome_print(Copyright (c)
2010-2013 Michael Dvorkin),aws4(Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)),axios(Copyright (c) 2014 Matt
Zabriskie),babel-cli(No copyright found),babel-code-frame(No copyright
found),babel-core(No copyright found),babel-eslint(Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-generator(No
copyright
found),babel-helper-builder-binary-assignment-operator-visitor(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-builder-react-jsx(No copyright
found),babel-helper-call-delegate(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian
McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-define-map(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-explode-assignable-expression(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-function-name(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-get-function-arity(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-hoist-variables(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-optimise-call-expression(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-regex(No
copyright found),babel-helper-remap-async-to-generator(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helper-replace-supers(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-helpers(No copyright
found),babel-loader(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Luï¿½?s Couto
<hello@luiscouto.pt>),babel-messages(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian
McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-add-module-exports(No
copyright found),babel-plugin-ava-throws-helper(Copyright (c) James
Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)),babel-plugin-check-es2015-constants(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-constant-folding(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-dead-code-elimination(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-espower(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Takuto Wada 
https://github.com/power-assert-js/babel-plugin-espower),babel-plugin-ev
al(No copyright found),babel-plugin-inline-environment-variables(No
copyright found),babel-plugin-jscript(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-member-expression-literals(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-property-literals(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-proto-to-assign(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-react-constant-elements(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-react-display-name(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-remove-console(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-remove-debugger(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-runtime(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-async-functions(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-syntax-async-generators(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-class-properties(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-exponentiation-operator(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-syntax-flow(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-jsx(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-object-rest-spread(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-syntax-trailing-function-commas(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-async-generator-functions(No
copyright found),babel-plugin-transform-async-to-generator(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-class-properties(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-arrow-functions(Copyri
ght (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-block-scoped-functions
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-block-scoping(Copyrigh
t (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-classes(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-computed-properties(Co
pyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-destructuring(Copyrigh
t (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-duplicate-keys(Copyrig
ht (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-for-of(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-function-name(Copyrigh
t (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-literals(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-amd(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-commonjs(Copyr
ight (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-systemjs(Copyr
ight (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-umd(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-object-super(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-parameters(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-shorthand-properties(C
opyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-spread(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-sticky-regex(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-template-literals(Copy
right (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-typeof-symbol(Copyrigh
t (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-es2015-unicode-regex(Copyrigh
t (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-exponentiation-operator(Copyr
ight (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-flow-strip-types(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-object-rest-spread(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-react-display-name(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-self(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-react-jsx-source(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-transform-regenerator(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-transform-strict-mode(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-plugin-undeclared-variables-check(No copyright
found),babel-plugin-undefined-to-void(No copyright
found),babel-polyfill(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-preset-env(Copyright (c) 2016
Babel),babel-preset-react(No copyright found),babel-register(No
copyright found),babel-runtime(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian
McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),babel-template(Copyright (c) 2015 Sebastian
McKenzie),babel-traverse(No copyright found),babel-types(No copyright
found),babylon(Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by various contributors (see
AUTHORS)),backoff(Copyright (C) 2012 Mathieu
Turcotte),backports(Copyright (c) 2009 Marc-Andre
Lafortune),balanced-match(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),base(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),base64-js(Copyright (c) 2014),base64url(Copyright (c)
2013ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½2016 Brian J. Brennan),basic-auth(Copyright (c) 2013 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),Bats(Copyright (c) 2014 Sam
Stephenson),bcpkix-jdk15on(Copyright (c) 2000 - 2015 The Legion of the
Bouncy Castle Inc.
(http://www.bouncycastle.org)),bcprov-jdk15on(Copyright (c) 2000 - 2015
The Legion of the Bouncy Castle Inc.
(http://www.bouncycastle.org)),bcryptjs(Copyright (c) 2012 Nevins
Bartolomeo <nevins.bartolomeo@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2012 Shane Girish
<shaneGirish@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Wirtz
<dcode@dcode.io>Copyright (c) 2012 Yves-Marie K.
Rinquin),beeper(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),behat(Copyright (c) 2016 Konstantin Kudryashov
<ever.zet@gmail.com>),benchmark(Copyright 2010-2012 Mathias Bynens
<http://mathiasbynens.be/>),big.js(Copyright (c) 2012 Michael
Mclaughlin),binary(No copyright found),binaryextensions(Copyright (c)
2013 Bevry Pty Ltd),binary-extensions(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),bindings(Copyright (c) 2012
Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),bintrees(Copyright (C)
2011 by Vadim Graboys),bitsyntax(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Michael Bridgen
<mikeb@squaremobius.net>),bl(Copyright (c) 2014 bl
contributors),bluebird(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Petka
Antonov),bluebird-retry(Copyright (c) 2014 Jut 
inc.),blueimp-md5(Copyright Â© 2011 Sebastian Tschan 
https://blueimp.net),bn.js(Copyright Fedor Indutny 
2015.),body-parser(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),Bootstrap(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Twitter;
Inc.),bops(No copyright found),boxen(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),brace(Copyright 2013
Thorsten Lorenz.),brace-expansion(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),braces(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),brackets2dots(Copyright (c) 2014 Wil Moore
III),breakable(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),brorand(Copyright Fedor Indutny 
2014.),browserify-zlib(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Devon Govett
<devongovett@gmail.com>),browser-kit(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),browserslist(Copyright 2014 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>),buf-compare(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),buffer(Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh  and other contributors.),buffer-crc32(Copyright (c) 2013
Brian J. Brennan),buffer-indexof-polyfill(Copyright (c) 2015
Sarosia),buffer-more-ints(Copyright (c) 2012 David Wragg. All rights
reserved.),buffers(No copyright found),buffer-shims(# Copyright (c) 2016
Calvin Metcalf),buffer-to-vinyl(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),buffer-writer(No copyright
found),builder(Copyright (c) 2013 Igor Wiedler),buildmail(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Andris Reinman),builtin-modules(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),builtins(Copyright (c) 2015
Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>),bundler(copyright (c) 2010
Andre Arkocopyright (c) 2009 Engine Yard),bunyan(Copyright 2016 Trent
MickCopyright 2016 Joyent Inc.),bunyan-prettystream(Copyright Amar
Suhail),busboy(Copyright Brian White. All rights reserved.),bytelist(No
copyright found),bytes(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),cache(Copyright (c) 2015 PHP Framework
Interoperability Group),cache-base(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),caching-transform(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),caller-path(No copyright
found),call-matcher(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Takuto Wada 
https://github.com/twada/call-matcher),call-me-maybe(Copyright (c) 2015
Eric McCarthy),call-signature(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),callsites(No copyright
found),camelcase(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),camelcase-keys(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),camelize(James
Halliday),caniuse-api(Copyright (c) 2014 Sï¿½bastien
Balayn),capture-stack-trace(ï¿½ Vsevolod Strukchinsky),cardinal(Copyright
2012 Thorsten Lorenz.),catharsis(Copyright (c) 2014 Google Inc.;
Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Jeff Williams),caw(Copyright (c) Kevin
Mï¿½rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>
(github.com/kevva)),center-align(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),chai(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com>),chain-function(No copyright
found),chainsaw(Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)),chalk(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),chance(Copyright (c) 2015
Victor Quinn),character-parser(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes
Lindesay),chardet(Copyright (C) 2017 Dmitry
Shirokov),chartjs-color(Copyright (c) 2012 Heather
Arthur),chartjs-color-string(Copyright (c) 2011 Heather Arthur
<fayearthur@gmail.com>),check-error(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com>
(http://alogicalparadox.com)),check-hash(Copyright ï¿½ 2015-2016 Nicolas
Bevacqua),cheerio(Copyright (c) 2012 Matt Mueller
&lt;mattmuelle@gmail.com&gt;),childprocess(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jari
Bakken),chokidar(Copyright (c) 2016 Paul Miller (http://paulmillr.com) &
Elan Shanker),chronic_duration(Copyright (c) Henry
Poydar),ci-info(Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Thomas Watson
Steen),cinch(Copyright (c) 2010 Lee Jarvis  Dominik HonnefCopyright (c)
2011 Dominik Honnef),circular-json(Copyright (C) 2013-2017 by Andrea
Giammarchi - @WebReflection),clamp(Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Williams
<mdub@dogbiscuit.org>),clap(Copyright (C) 2014-2016 by Roman Dvornov
<rdvornov@gmail.com>),class-extend(Copyright (c) 2013 Simon
Boudrias),class-loader(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),classnames(Copyright (c) 2016 Jed
Watson),class-utils(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),clean-css(Copyright (C) 2015
JakubPawlowicz.com),clean-stack(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),clean-yaml-object(Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter <i@izs.me>  James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)  and Contributors),cli-boxes(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),cli-color(Copyright (C) 2012-2017 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),cli-cursor(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),cli-spinners(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),cli-table(Copyright (c) 2010 LearnBoost
&lt;dev@learnboost.com&gt;),cli-truncate(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),clone(Copyright ï¿½ 2011-2014
Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>),cloneable-readable(Copyright (c) 2016
Matteo Collina),clone-buffer(Copyright (c) 2016 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com>  Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other
contributors),clone-stats(Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy),co(No
Copyright found),coa(Copyright (c) 2015-present Sergey Berezhnoy
<veged@ya.ru>),code-excerpt(Copyright (c) vdemedes <vdemedes@gmail.com>
(github.com/vdemedes)),code-point-at(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),coderay(Copyright (C)
2005-2012 Kornelius Kalnbach <murphy@rubychan.de>
(@murphy_karasu)),co-from-stream(No Copyright Found),co-fs(No Copyright
Found),collections(Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Doctrine
Project),collection-visit(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),color(Copyright (c) 2012 Heather
Arthur),color-convert(Copyright (c) 2011 Heather Arthur
<fayearthur@gmail.com>),colormin(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com> (http://beneb.info)),color-name(Copyright (c)
2015 Dmitry Ivanov),colors(- Copyright (c) Marak Squires - Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),color-string(Copyright (c) 2011 Heather Arthur
<fayearthur@gmail.com>),colour(Copyright (c) 2010 Marak Squires  Alexis
Sellier (cloudhead)Copyright (c) 2013 Daniel Wirtz
<dcode@dcode.io>),columnify(Copyright (c) 2013 Tim
Oxley),combined-stream(Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited
<felix@debuggable.com>),commander(Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),common(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine
Project),commondir(Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday),commoner(Copyright
(c) 2013 Ben Newman
<bn@cs.stanford.edu>),commonmark-react-renderer(Copyright (c) 2015 Espen
Hovlandsdal),component-emitter(Copyright (c) 2014 Component contributors
<dev@component.io>),composer-merge-plugin(Copyright (c) 2015 Bryan
Davis; Wikimedia Foundation; and contributors),compress(No copyright
found),compress-commons(Copyright (c) 2014 Chris Talkington 
contributors.),compressible(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah Senkpiel
<fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),compression(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),concat-map(No copyright
found),concat-stream(Copyright (c) 2013 Max
Ogden),concurrent-ruby(Copyright (c) Jerry D'Antonio),config(Copyright
(c) 2004-2018 Fabien Potencier),config-chain(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
Tarr),connect(Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011
LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011-2014 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson),connection-parse(No copyright
found),console(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),console-browserify(Copyright (c) 2012
Raynos.),constantinople(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes
Lindesay),constants-browserify(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),container(Copyright (c) 2013-2016
container-interopCopyright (c) 2016 PHP Framework Interoperability
Group),container-interop(Copyright (c) 2013
container-interop),content-disposition(Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson),content-security-policy-builder(Copyright (c) 2015
Evan Hahn),content-type(Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson),contra(Copyright ï¿½ 2014 Nicolas
Bevacqua),convert-source-map(Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.),convert-to-spaces(Copyright (c) Vadim Demedes
<vdemedes@gmail.com> (https://vadimdemedes.com)),cookie(Copyright (c)
2012-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),cookiejar(Copyright (c)
2013 Bradley Meck),cookie-parser(Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),cookies(Copyright (c) 2014 Jed Schmidt;
http://jed.is/; Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),cookie-session(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),cookie-signature(Copyright (c) 2012 LearnBoost
&lt;tj@learnboost.com&gt;),copy-descriptor(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert),copy-to-clipboard(Copyright (c) 2017 sudodoki
<smd.deluzion@gmail.com>),co-read(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),core-assert(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),core-js(Copyright (c) 2015
Denis Pushkarev),core-util-is(Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.),cors(Copyright (c) 2013 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>),cosmiconfig(Copyright (c) 2015 David
Clark),co-with-promise(Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk),crc(Copyright
2014 Alex Gorbatchev),crc32-stream(Copyright (c) 2014 Chris Talkington 
contributors.),create-error-class(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)),create-frame(Copyright (c)
2015-2016  Jon Schlinkert),create-react-class(Copyright (c) 2013-present
Facebook  Inc.),cross-fetch(Copyright (c) 2017 Leonardo
Quixadï¿½ï¿½),cross-spawn(Copyright (c) 2014
IndigoUnited),cross-spawn-async(Copyright (c) 2015
IndigoUnited),crossvent(Copyright ï¿½ 2014 Nicolas
Bevacqua),crypto-js(Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Jeff Mott;  Copyright (c)
2013-2016 Evan Vosberg),crypto-random-string(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),css(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
Holowaychuk &lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),css-color-names(No copyright
found),cssesc(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<http://mathiasbynens.be/>),css-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),cssnano(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs <beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),csso(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Sergey
Kryzhanovsky),css-parse(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),css-selector(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),css-selector-tokenizer(No copyright
found),css-stringify(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),csv(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 ignace nyamagana
butera),ctype(Copyright 2011  Robert Mustacchi. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2011  Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),currently-unhandled(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),curry2(Copyright (c) Wil
Moore III <wil.moore@wilmoore.com>),custom-event(No copyright
found),cyclist(Copyright (c) Mathias Buus Madsen
<mathiasbuus@gmail.com>),d(Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),dargs(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),dashdash(Copyright 2016
Trent Mick Copyright 2016 Joyent; Inc.),dasherize(Shahar
Talmi),dashify(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),data-uri-to-buffer(Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),date.js(Copyright (c) 2013 Matt Mueller
<mattmuelle@gmail.com>),date-fns(Copyright ï¿½ 2017 Sasha
Koss),dateformat((c) 2007-2009 Steven Levithan
stevenlevithan.com),date-format(Copyright (c) 2013 Gareth
Jones),date-now(Copyright (c) 2012 Colingo.),date-time(Copyright Sindre
Sorhus),db-migrate(Copyright (c) 2015 Tobias Gurtzick; Copyright (c)
2013 Jeff Kunkle),db-migrate-base(Copyright (c) 2015
db-migrate),db-migrate-pg(Copyright (c) 2015
db-migrate),db-migrate-shared(Copyright (c) 2016
db-migrate),debug(Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),debuglog(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other
Node contributors. All rights reserved.),debug-log(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),decamelize(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),decimal.js(Copyright (c) 2016  2017 Michael
Mclaughlin),decode-uri-component(Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com>
(github.com/SamVerschueren)),decompress(Copyright (c) Kevin MÌ´rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),decompress-tar(Copyright (c) Kevin
Mï¿½rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),decompress-tarbz2(Copyright (c)
Kevin Mï¿½rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),decompress-targz(Copyright
(c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),decompress-unzip(Copyright (c) Kevin
Mï¿½rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),deep-eql(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake
Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>),deep-equal(No copyright
found),deep-extend(Copyright (c) 2013-2015  Viacheslav
Lotsmanov),deep-is(Copyright (c) 2012  2013 Thorsten Lorenz
<thlorenz@gmx.de>Copyright (c) 2012 James Halliday
<mail@substack.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Robinson
<280north.com>),default-compare(Copyright (c) 2017  Brian
Woodward.),default-require-extensions(Copyright (c) Copyright Node.js
contributors  James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage). All rights reserved.),defaults(Copyright (c)
2015 Elijah Insua),defined(No copyright found),define-property(Copyright
(c) 2015  Jon Schlinkert.),defs(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),degenerator(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),del(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),delayed-stream(Copyright
(c) 2011 Debuggable Limited <felix@debuggable.com>),delegates(Copyright
(c) 2015 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),denque(Copyight Not
Found),depd(Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson),dependency-injection(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),deprecate(No copyright found),deref(Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Alvaro Cabrera),destroy(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),detect-conflict(No copyright
found),detect-file(Copyright (c) 2016  .),detect-indent(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),detective(No
copyright statement),detect-newline(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),dicer(Copyright Brian
White. All rights reserved.),discontinuous-range(Copyright (c) 2014
David Tudury),dns-prefetch-control(Copyright (c) 2016 Evan
Hahn),domain-browser("<ul><li>Copyright &copy; 2013+ <a
href=""""http://bevry.me"""">Bevry Pty
Ltd</a></li></ul>"),dom-crawler(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),dom-helpers(Copyright (c) 2015 Jason
Quense),dom-serializer(Copyright (c) 2014 The cheeriojs
contributors),dont-sniff-mimetype(Copyright (c) 2014  2015 Evan Hahn 
Adam Baldwin),dot-access-configuration(Copyright (c) 2012 Dragonfly
Development Inc.),dot-access-data(Copyright (c) 2012 Dragonfly
Development Inc.),dotenv(Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon
Keepers),dot-prop(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),dotsplit.js(Copyright (c) Wil Moore III
<wil.moore@wilmoore.com>),download(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),downshift(Copyright (c) 2017
PayPal),dragula(Copyright ï¿½ 2015-2016 Nicolas
Bevacqua),Dropzone("Copyright (c) 2012 Matias Meno <m@tias.me>Logo &
Website Design (c) 2015 ""1910"" www.weare1910.com"),duplex(Copyright
(c) 2012 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2012 Dominic Tarr),duplexer(Copyright
(c) 2012 Raynos.),duplexify(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),each-async(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),easing-js(Copyright (c) 2017 Ryan Dy),ecc-jsbn(*
Copyright (c) 2003-2005  Tom WuCopyright (c) 2014 Jeremie
Miller),editions("<ul><li>Copyright &copy; 2016+ <a
href=""""http://bevry.me"""">Bevry Pty
Ltd</a></li></ul>"),editor(Copyright 2013 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)),edn(Copyright (c) 2012 Relevance Inc & Clinton N.
Dreisbach),ee-first(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),elliptic(Copyright Fedor Indutny 
2014.),email-validator(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Eduardo Gulias
Davis),emojis-list(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Kiko Beats),empower-core(Copyright
(c) 2013-2017 Takuto Wada 
https://github.com/twada/empower-core),encode-uri-query(Copyright (c)
2010-2016 Google  Inc. http://angularjs.org),encodeurl(Copyright (c)
2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),encoding(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Andris
Reinman),end-of-stream(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),enhanced-resolve(Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Tobias Koppers),ent(No
copyright found),enum(Copyright (c) 2015 Commerce
Guys),equalizer(Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Dan KubbCopyright (c) 2012
Markus Schirp (packaging)),equal-length(Copyright (c) Vadim Demedes
<vdemedes@gmail.com> (github.com/vadimdemedes)),err-code(Copyright (c)
Andre Cruz),errno(## Copyright & Licence*Copyright (c) 2012-2015 [Rod
Vagg](https://github.com/rvagg)
([@rvagg](https://twitter.com/rvagg))*),error(Copyright (c) 2017
Raynos),error-ex(Copyright (c) 2015 JD Ballard),errorhandler(Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),error-symbol(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),errs(Copyright (c) 2012 Charlie Robbins  Nuno Job  and the
Contributors.),es5-ext(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),es6-error(Copyright (c) 2015 Ben
Youngblood),es6-iterator(Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),es6-map(Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),es6-promise(Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda Katz  Tom Dale 
Stefan Penner and contributors),es6-promisify(Copyright (c) Mike Hall
<mikehall314@gmail.com>),es6-set(Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),es6-symbol(Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),es6-weak-map(Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),escape-html("Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2015 Andreas LubbeCopyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng
""""Timothy"""" Gu"),escape-string-regexp(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),eslint(Copyright (c) 2013
Nicholas C. Zakas. All rights reserved.),eslint-config-hapi(Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Continuation Labs),eslint-config-loopback(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2016;2017. All Rights Reserved.),eslint-plugin-hapi(Copyright
(c) 2015 Continuation Labs),eslint-plugin-mocha(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Schreck <schreck.mathias@gmail.com>),esparse(Copyright (c) 2014
zenparsing (Kevin Smith)),espower-location-detector(Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Takuto Wada 
https://github.com/twada/espower-location-detector),espurify(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Takuto Wada 
https://github.com/estools/espurify),estraverse-fb(Copyright (c) 2014
Ingvar Stepanyan),esvalidate(Copyright Not Found),etag(Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson),event-dispatcher(Copyright (c)
2004-2017 Fabien Potencier),Event-emitter(Copyright (C) 2012-2015
Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),eventemitter2(Copyright (c) 2016 Paolo
Fragomeni <http://www.github.com/0x00a> and
Contributors),events(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors.),exec(Copyright Dave Eddy),execa(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),exit-hook(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),expand-brackets(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),expand-range(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),expand-tilde(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),expat(Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Thai Open Source Software
Center Ltd and Clark Cooper; 2001-2016 Expat
maintainers),expect-ct(Copyright (c) 2017 Evan Hahn),expiry-js(No
copyright found),exports-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),expose-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),express(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),express-basic-auth(No
copyright found),express-http-proxy(Copyright (c) 2013 villadora
<jky239@gmail.com>; contributors
http://kael.me/),expression-language(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),express-validator(Copyright (c) 2010 Chris O'Hara
<cohara87@gmail.com>),extend(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan
Thomas),extend-shallow(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),external-editor(Copyright (c) 2016 Kevin
Gravier),extglob(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),extract-text-webpack-plugin(Copyright (c) 2016
Pillys),extsprintf(Copyright (c) 2012  Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),eyes(Copyright (c) 2009 cloudhead),faker(Copyright (c)
2007-2010 Benjamin Curtis),falsey(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),fancy-log(Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com>),faraday(Copyright (c) 2009-2017 Rick Olson;
Zack Hobson.),fast-deep-equal(Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin),fast-json-patch(Copyright (c) 2013  2014 Joachim
Wester),fast-json-stable-stringify(No copyright
found),fast-levenshtein(Copyright (c) 2013 [Ramesh
Nair](http://www.hiddentao.com/)),fastparse(No copyright
found),fbjs(Copyright (c) 2013-present  Facebook 
Inc.),fd-slicer(Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew Kelley),figures(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),file-entry-cache(Copyright (c) 2015 Roy
Riojas),file-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),filename-regex(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),filename-reserved-regex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),filenamify(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),filesize(Copyright (c) 2009 Dominik
Honnef),filesystem(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),file-type(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),file-uri-to-path(Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>),filewatch(Copyright
Jordan Sissel),fill-range(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),final-fs(Copyright (C) 2013 Szymon Wygna?ski
(s@finalclass.net)),finalhandler(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),find-cache-dir(Copyright
(c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)),finder(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),find-parent-dir(Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.),find-up(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),findup-sync("Copyright (c) 2012-2016 ""Cowboy"" Ben
Alman"),fined(Copyright (c) 2016 Blaine Bublitz  Tyler Kellen and other
contributors),first-chunk-stream(No copyright
found),flagged-respawn(Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler
Kellen),flat-cache(Copyright (c) 2015 Roy Riojas),flatpickr(Copyright
(c) 2016),flatten(Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua
Holbrook),flush-write-stream(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus),flux-standard-action(No copyright found),fn-name(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),follow-redirects(No copyright
found),for-in(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),format-json(Copyright (c) 2013 Johan
Sundstrï¿½m),format-util(Copyright 2015 Freeform Systems and other
contributors),form-data(Copyright (c) 2012 Felix GeisendÌ¦rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),formidable(Copyright (C) 2011
Felix GeisendÌ¦rfer),for-own(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),forwarded(Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson),fragment-cache(Copyright (c) 2016-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),frameguard(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),fresh(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>),from2(Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy),fs(No
copyright found),fs-exists-sync(Copyright (c) 2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),fs-extra(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 JP
Richardson),fs-readdir-recursive(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),ftp(Copyright Brian White. All rights
reserved.),functional-red-black-tree(Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko),function-bind(Copyright (c) 2013 Raynos.),gd-text(No Copyright
Found),gems(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Erik
Michaels-Ober.),generate-function(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),generate-object-property(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),generator-loopback(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All Rights
Reserved.),generic-pool(Copyright (c) 2010-2014 James Cooper
&lt;james@bitmechanic.com&gt;),get-func-name(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake
Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com>
(http://alogicalparadox.com)),get-object(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),getpass(Copyright Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),get-port(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),get-proxy(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),get-stdin(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),get-stream(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),get-uri(Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),get-value(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),gherkin(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Konstantin Kudryashov
<ever.zet@gmail.com>),gh-got(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),giflib(Copyright (c) 1997 
Eric S. Raymond),github-username(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),git-validate(Copyright (c)
2015 Nathan LaFreniere),global-dirs(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),glob-all(Copyright &copy;
2014 Jaime Pillora &lt;dev@jpillora.com&gt;),global-modules(Copyright
(c) 2015-2016  Jon Schlinkert.),global-prefix(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 
Jon Schlinkert.),globals(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),glob-base(Copyright (c)
2015  Jon Schlinkert.),globby(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),glob-stream(Copyright (c)
2015 Blaine Bublitz  Eric Schoffstall and other
contributors),glogg(Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine
Bublitz),google-p12-pem(Copyright (c) 2014 Ryan Seys),got(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),goutte(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Fabien
Potencier),graceful-readlink(Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye
Li),graphlib(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris Pettitt),graphql(Copyright
(c) 2015 Youshido),gravatar(BY Emerson Macedo
(<http://emerleite.com/>)),gridster(Copyright (c) 2012
Ducksboard),grouped-queue(Copyright (c) 2013 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
@vaxilart)),gruntfile-editor(Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
@vaxilart)),gtoken(Copyright (c) 2014 Ryan
Seys),gulp-decompress(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),gulplog(Copyright (c) 2015 Blaine Bublitz 
Eric Schoffstall and other contributors),gulp-rename(Copyright 2013
Hector Guillermo Parra Alvarez),gulp-util(Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>),guzzle(Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Michael
Dowling),gzip-size(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),handlebars(Copyright (C) 2011-2017 by Yehuda
Katz),handlebars-helper-create-frame(Copyright (c) 2017 Jon
Schlinkert),handlebars-helpers(Copyright (c) 2013-2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert  Brian Woodward.),handlebars-utils(Copyright (c) 2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),hapi-capitalize-modules(Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation
Labs),hapi-for-you(Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation
Labs),hapi-scope-start(Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation
Labs),has(Copyright (c) 2013 Thiago de Arruda),has-ansi(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),has-color(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),has-flag(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),has-gulplog(Copyright (c) 2015
gulp),hash.js(Copyright Fedor Indutny  2014.),hashring(Copyright (c)
2010/2011 Arnout Kazemier 3rd-Eden),has-value(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 
Jon Schlinkert.),has-values(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),has-yarn(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),he(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),helmet(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Evan Hahn 
Adam Baldwin),helmet-csp(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),helper-date(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),helper-markdown(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),helper-md(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),hide-powered-by(Copyright (c) 2014  2015 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),hipchat-notifier(No copyright found),history(Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Michael Jackson),hmac-drbg(Copyright Fedor Indutny 
2017.),homedir-polyfill(Copyright (c) 2016 Brian
Woodward),home-or-tmp(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),hpkp(Copyright (c)
2015-2016 Evan Hahn  Adam Baldwin),hsts(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Evan
Hahn  Adam Baldwin),html5(Copyright (c) 2013 The Authors of
HTML5-PHP),html-comment-regex(ï¿½ Steve Mao),htmlparser2(Copyright 2010 
2011  Chris Winberry <chris@winberry.net>. All rights
reserved.),html-tag(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),html-wiring(No copyright found),http(Copyright (c) 2011-2017
Tony Arcieri; Alexey V. Zapparov; Erik Michaels-Ober; Zachary
Anker.),http_parser.rb(Copyright 2009;2010 Marc-Andrï¿½ Cournoyer;
Copyright 2010;2011 Aman Gupta),http-browserify(Copyright (c) 2013 James
Halliday (mail@substack.net)),http-cookie(Copyright (c) 2013 Akinori
MUSHACopyright (c) 2011-2012 Akinori MUSHA; Eric HodelCopyright (c)
2006-2011 Aaron Patterson; Mike Dalessio),http-errors(Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),http-form_data(Copyright (c) 2015
Aleksey V Zapparov),http-foundation(Copyright (c) 2004-2016 Fabien
Potencier),Httpi(Copyright (c) 2010 Daniel
Harrington),http-kernel(Copyright (c) 2004-2016 Fabien
Potencier),http-message(Copyright (c) 2014 PHP Framework
Interoperability Group),httpntlm(Copyright (c) 2013
Sam),http-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),httpreq(Copyright (c) 2017 Sam Decrock
<sam.decrock@gmail.com>),https-browserify(Copyright (c) James
Halliday),http-signature(Copyright Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),https-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>),hullabaloo-config-manager(Copyright (c) 2017
Mark Wubben <mark@novemberborn.net>
(novemberborn.net)),humanize-ms(Copyright(c) 2014 dead_horse
<dead_horse@qq.com>),i(No copyright found),i18n(Copyright (c) 2008 The
Ruby I18n team),iconv-lite(Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander
Shtuchkin),ienoopen(Copyright (c) 2014  2015 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),iferr(Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi),ignore(Copyright (c) 2013
Kael Zhang <i@kael.me>;
contributorshttp://kael.me/),image-size(Copyright ?? 2017 Aditya Yadav 
http://netroy.in),imagesloaded(Copyright ï¿½ 2018 David
DeSandro),immutable(Copyright (c) 2014-present  Facebook 
Inc.),import-lazy(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),imports-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),imurmurhash(Copyright (c) 2013 Gary Court  Jens
Taylor),indent-string(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),indexes-of(Copyright (c)
2013 Dominic Tarr),indexof(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
Holowaychuk),inflection(Copyright(c) 2011 Ben Lin
<ben@dreamerslab.com>),inflector(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine
Project),info-symbol(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),inquirer(Copyright (c) 2015 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
@vaxilart)),insane(Copyright ï¿½ 2015 Nicolas
Bevacqua),insert-line(Copyright (c) 2017 Hage Yaapa),install(Copyright
(c) 2015 Benjamin Newman <ben@benjamn.com>),installers(Copyright (c)
2012 Kyle Robinson Young),instantiator(Copyright (c) 2014 Doctrine
Project),interpret(Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler Kellen),intl(Copyright (c)
2014 Commerce Guys),invert-kv(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus),ip(Copyright Fedor
Indutny; 2012.),ipaddr.js(Copyright (C) 2011 Peter Zotov
<whitequark@whitequark.org>),irregular-plurals(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is(Copyright (c)
2013 Enrico Marino  Copyright (c) 2014 Enrico Marino and Jordan
Harband),is-absolute(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.Copyright
(c) 2009-2015  TJ Holowaychuk.),is-absolute-url(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),is-accessor-descriptor(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),isarray(Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),is-arrayish(Copyright (c) 2015 JD
Ballard),is-binary-path(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-buffer(Copyright (c)
Feross Aboukhadijeh),is-builtin-module(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-bzip2(ï¿½ [Kevin
Mï¿½rtensson](https://github.com/kevva),is-ci(Copyright (c) 2016 Thomas
Watson Steen),is-data-descriptor(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-descriptor(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-directory(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-dotfile(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),is-equal-shallow(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-error(Copyright (c) 2015 is-error.),is-even(Copyright
(c) 2015  2017  Jon Schlinkert),is-extendable(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-extglob(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-finite(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),is-fullwidth-code-point(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-generator-fn(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),is-glob(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-gzip(No copyright found),is-installed-globally(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),is-my-json-valid(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),is-natural-number(Copyright (c) 2014 - 2016 Shinnosuke
Watanabe),is-npm(No copyright found),is-number(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 
Jon Schlinkert.),is-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),isobject(Copyright (c) 2014
Jon Schlinkert  contributors.),is-observable(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-odd(Copyright (c)
2015-2017  Jon Schlinkert),isomorphic-fetch(Copyright (c) 2015 Matt
Andrews),isomorphic-form-data(Copyright (c) 2012 Felix GeisendÌ¦rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),is-path-cwd(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),is-path-in-cwd(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus),is-path-inside(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),is-plain-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-plain-object(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017  Jon Schlinkert.),is-posix-bracket(Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Jon Schlinkert.),is-primitive(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-promise(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay),is-property(Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko),is-redirect(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-relative(Copyright (c)
2014 Jon Schlinkert),is-resolvable(Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015 Shinnosuke
Watanabe),is-retry-allowed(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com> (github.com/floatdrop)),is-scoped(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),isstream(Copyright (c) 2015 Rod
Vagg),is-stream(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),is-svg(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-tar(No copyright
found),istextorbinary(Copyright 2012 Bevry Pty Ltd; Copyright 2011
Benjamin Lupton),is-typedarray(No copyright found),is-unc-path(Copyright
(c) 2015-2016  Jon Schlinkert),is-url(No copyright
found),is-utf8(Copyright (C) 2014 Wei Fanzhe),is-valid-glob(Copyright
(c) 2015  Jon Schlinkert.),is-windows(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),is-zip(No copyright found),jade(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),jade-loader(No copyright
found),jar-dependencies(Copyright (c) 2014 Christian
Meier),javascript-natural-sort(Copyright ï¿½2006-2017; Bill4Time. All
rights reserved.),jayson(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Tedde Lundgren,
<mail@tedeh.net>),jcodings(No copyright found),jnr-x86asm(Copyright (C)
2010 Wayne MeissnerCopyright (c) 2008-2009; Petr Kobalicek
<kobalicek.petr@gmail.com>),jodid25519(Copyright (c) 2012 Ron
GarretCopyright (c) 2007  2013  2014 Michele BiniCopyright (c) 2014 Mega
Limited),joni(Copyright (c) 2017 JRuby Team),jopt-simple(Copyright (c)
2004-2016 Paul R. Holser; Jr.),jquery(Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors  https://jquery.org/Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors 
https://jquery.org/),jquery.hoverIntent.minified.js(Copyright 2007; 2014
Brian Cherne),jquery-resizable dom(No copyright
found),jquery-resizable-dom(Copyright Rick Strahl; West Wind
Technologies),jquery-ui(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors; https://jquery.org/),jsbn(* Copyright (c) 2003-2005  Tom
Wu),jseb(Copyright Not found),jsep(Copyright (c) 2013 Stephen Oney 
http://jsep.from.so/),jsesc(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<http://mathiasbynens.be/>),json5(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Aseem Kishore;
and others.),json-buffer(Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic
Tarr),jsondiffpatch(Copyright (c) 2014 Benjamï¿½n Eidelman
twitter.com/beneidel),json-editor(Copyright (c) 2013 Jeremy
Dorn),jsonfile(Copyright (c) 2012-2015  JP Richardson
<jprichardson@gmail.com>),jsonfile-updater(Copyright (c) 2017 Hage
Yaapa),json-formatter-js(Copyright (c) 2015 Mohsen
Azimi),json-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),jsonparse(Copyright (c) 2012 Tim
Caswell),json-parse-better-errors(Copyright 2017 Kat
MarchÃ¡n),json-parse-helpfulerror(Copyright (c) 2015 Sam
Mikes),jsonpointer(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt jan@apache.org &
Marc Bachmann https://github.com/marcbachmann),json-refs(Copyright (c)
2014 Jeremy Whitlock),json-schema-defaults(Copyright (c) 2015 Chute
Corporation),json-schema-faker(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Alvaro Cabrera &
Tomasz Ducin),json-schema-ref-parser(Copyright (c) 2015 James
Messinger),json-schema-traverse(Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin),json-schema-view(Copyright Not
found),json-schema-view-js(Copyright (c) 2015 Mohsen AzimiCopyright (c)
2015 Mohsen Azimi),json-stable-stringify(No copyright
found),json-stable-stringify-without-jsonify(No copyright
found),JSONStream(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011
Dominic Tarr),json-streaming-parser((c) Salsify;
Inc.),jsonwebtoken(Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0  Inc. <support@auth0.com>
(http://auth0.com)),jsoup(No copyright found),jsprim(Copyright (c) 2012 
Joyent  Inc. All rights reserved.),js-string-escape(Copyright (c) 2013
Jo Liss),jstimezonedetect(No copyright found),js-tokens(Copyright (c)
2014  2015 Simon Lydell),jstransformer(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay),js-yaml(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly
Puzrin),junk(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),jwa(Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J.
Brennan),jws(Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan),jwt-decode(Copyright
(c) 2015 Auth0  Inc. <support@auth0.com>
(http://auth0.com)),k8s(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),keygrip(Copyright (c)
2011-2014 Jed Schmidt <where@jed.is>
(http://jedschmidt.com)),keypress(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),kind-of(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),klaw(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 JP Richardson),knex(Copyright
(c) 2013-present Tim Griesser),Krb5(Copyright (C) 1985-2016 by the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.All rights
reserved.),last-line-stream(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),latest-version(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),lazy-cache(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),lazy-property(Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko),lazy-req(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),lazystream(Copyright (c) 2013 J. Pommerening 
contributors.),lcid(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),lcms(Copyright (c) 1998-2011 Marti Maria
Saguer),ldap-filter(Copyright (c) 2014 Patrick Mooney. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) 2014 Mark Cavage  Inc. All rights
reserved.),ldapjs(Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage  All rights
reserved.),less-loader(Copyright (c) 2015 Tobias
Koppers),letter-avatar(No Copyright Found),leven(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),levn(Copyright (c)
George Zahariev),lexer(Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Doctrine
Project),libbase64(Copyright (c) 2014 Andris Reinman),libffi(Copyright
(c) 1996-2014 Anthony Green; Red Hat; Inc and
others.),libluajit-5.1-2(Copyright (C) 2005-2015 Mike Pall. All rights
reserved.),libluajit-5.1-common(Copyright (C) 2005-2015 Mike Pall. All
rights reserved.),libmime(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),libqp(Copyright (c) 2014 Andris Reinman),libverto(Copyright
2011 Red Hat; Inc.),LibX11(Copyright (C) 2003-2006;2008 Jamey Sharp;
Josh TriplettCopyright ï¿½ 2009 Red Hat; Inc.Copyright
1990-1992;1999;2000;2004;2009;2010 Oracle and/or its affiliates.All
rights reserved.),libxcomposite(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libXi(Copyright &copy; 1989; 1990; 1991; 1992 X
Consortium),Libxslt(Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Daniel Veillard.  All Rights
Reserved),libXtst(Copyright Â© 1995 X Consortium),liftoff(Copyright (c)
2014 Tyler Kellen),linkify-it(Copyright (c) 2015 Vitaly
Puzrin.),loadash.debounce(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>),loader-utils(Copyright (c) 2012 -
2015 Tobias Koppers),load-json-file(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),locate-path(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),lodash(Copyright 2012-2013 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._arraycopy(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._arrayeach(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._arraymap(Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseassign(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseclone(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._basecopy(Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._basedifference(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseeach(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash._baseflatten(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._basefor(Copyright 2012-2016 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseindexof(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseiteratee(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash._basereduce(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._basetostring(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._baseuniq(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash._basevalues(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._bindcallback(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._cacheindexof(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._createassigner(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._createcache(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._createset(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash._getnative(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._isiterateecall(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._pickbyarray(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._pickbycallback(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._reescape(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._reevaluate(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._reinterpolate(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._root(Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash._stringtopath(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.assign(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.camelcase(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.clone(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.clonedeep(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.clonedeepwith(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.debounce(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.defaults(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.difference(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.escape(Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.flatten(Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.flattendeep(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.get(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.includes(Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.isarguments(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.isarray(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.isboolean(Copyright 2012-2016 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.isempty(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.isequal(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.isfunction(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.isinteger(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.isnumber(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.isplainobject(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.isstring(Copyright 2012-2016 The
Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.istypedarray(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.keys(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.keysin(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.mapvalues(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.memoize(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.merge(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.noop(Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.omit(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.once(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.pick(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.reduce(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.rest(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.restparam(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.some(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.sortby(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.template(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.templatesettings(Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.toplainobject(Copyright 2012-2015
The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.trimend(Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.union(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.uniq(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample),lodash.uniqueid(Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash.upperfirst(Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0.
Sample),lodash.without(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),lodash-compat(Copyright
2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>),lodash-es(Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),log(Copyright (c) 2012 PHP
Framework Interoperability Group),logging-helpers(Copyright (c)
2014-2015  2017  Jon Schlinkert),loggly(Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie
Robbins),log-ok(Copyright (c) 2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),log-symbols(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),log-utils(Copyright (c)
2016  Jon Schlinkert.),longest(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),loopback(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2016. All Rights
Reserved.),loopback-api-definition(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2015 2016.
All Rights Reserved.),loopback-bluemix(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2017. All
Rights Reserved.),loopback-boot(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All
Rights Reserved.),loopback-cli(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016. All Rights
Reserved.),loopback-component-explorer(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013
2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-connector(Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-connector-remote(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-context(Copyright
IBM Corp. 2015. All Rights
Reserved.),loopback-datasource-juggler(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2011
2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-datatype-geopoint(Copyright IBM
Corp. 2014;2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-filters(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2015;2017. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-phase(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-soap(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2017. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-swagger(Copyright (c) IBM
Corp. 2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.),loopback-workspace(Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2013 2016. All Rights Reserved.),loose-envify(Copyright (c)
2015 Andres Suarez <zertosh@gmail.com>),loud-rejection(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),lowercase-keys(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus),lru_redux(Copyright
(c) 2013 Sam Saffron),lru-queue(Copyright (C) 2014 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)),lua5.1(Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org;
PUC-Rio.),macaddress(No copyright found),mail(Copyright (c) 2009-2016
Mikel Lindsaar),mailcomposer(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Andris
Reinman),mailgun-js(Copyright (c) 2012 - 2014 OneLobby
<http://www.onelobby.com>),make-dir(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),manticore(Copyright (c)
2015 Chris Heald),map-cache(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),map-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),map-visit(Copyright (c)
2015-2017  Jon Schlinkert),march_hare(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Theo
Hultberg),markdown(Copyright (c) 2014 Carsten
Brandt),markdown-it(Copyright (c) 2014 Vitaly Puzrin  Alex
Kocharin.),marked(Copyright (c) 2011-2014  Christopher Jeffrey
(https://github.com/chjj/)),masonry(No copyright
found),matcher(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),math-expression-evaluator(Copyright (c) 2015 Ankit
G.),max-timeout(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),md5-hex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),mdurl(Copyright (c) 2015
Vitaly Puzrin  Alex Kocharin.Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.),media-typer(Copyright (c) 2014
Douglas Christopher Wilson),mem(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),mem-fs(No copyright
found),mem-fs-editor(No copyright found),memoizable(Copyright ï¿½ 2013 Dan
Kubb; Erik Michaels-Ober.),memoizee(Copyright (C) 2012-2016 Mariusz
Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),memory-fs(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Tobias
Koppers),meow(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),merge(Copyright (c) 2014 yeikos -
http://www.yeikos.com),merge-descriptors(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),merge-source-map(Copyright (c) keik
<k4t0.kei@gmail.com>),merge-stream(Copyright (c) Stephen Sugden
<me@stephensugden.com> (stephensugden.com)),method_source(Copyright (c)
2011 John Mair (banisterfiend)),method-override(Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),methods(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),metriks(Copyright (c) 2012
Eric Lindvall),micromatch(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),mime(Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas  Robert
Kieffer),mime-db(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),mime-types(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),mimic-fn(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),minimalistic-crypto-utils(Copyright Fedor Indutny 
2017.),minimist(No copyright found),minizip(Copyright (c) 2014 Haojian
Wu.),mink(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Konstantin
Kudryashov),mink-browserkit-driver(Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Konstantin
Kudryashov),mink-extension(Copyright (c) 2012 Konstantin Kudryashov
<ever.zet@gmail.com>),mink-goutte-driver(Copyright (c) 2012-2013
Konstantin Kudryashov),mink-selenium2-driver(Copyright (c) 2012 Pete
Otaqui),mink-zombie-driver(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Pascal
Cremer),mixin-deep(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),mkdirp(Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)),mktmpdir(Copyright (c) 2013 Naoyuki
Kanezawa),modern-syslog(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 StrongLoop 
Inc.),moment(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Tim Wood  Iskren Chernev  Moment.js
contributors),moment-timezone(Copyright (c) 2014 Tim
Wood),mongodb-uri(Copyright (c) 2013 ObjectLabs
Corporation),morgan(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),ms(Copyright (c) 2014 Guillermo Rauch
<rauchg@gmail.com>),msgpack5(Copyright (c) 2014 Matteo
Collina),msgpack-js(Copyright (c) 2013 Tim Caswell),msgpack-stream(No
copyright found),multer(Copyright (c) 2014 Hage Yaapa
<[http://www.hacksparrow.com](http://www.hacksparrow.com)>),multi_json(C
opyright (c) 2010-2013 Michael Bleigh; Josh Kalderimis; Erik
Michaels-Ober; and Pavel Pravosud.),multibinder(Copyright (c) 2015 Theo
Julienne),multimatch(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus  Jon Schlinkert 
contributors.),multipart-post(Copyright (c) 2007-2013 Nick Sieger
nick@nicksieger.comCopyright; 2017; by Samuel G. D.
Williams.),multipipe(Copyright (c) 2014 Segment.io Inc.
&lt;friends@segment.io&gt;Copyright (c) 2014 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),murmurhash3(Copyright (c) 2012 Sokolov
Yura 'funny-falcon'),murmurhash3js(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Karan Lyons;
Sascha Droste),musl(Copyright Ã‚Â© 2005-2014 Rich Felker; et
al.),musl-utils(Copyright Ã‚Â© 2005-2014 Rich Felker; et
al.),mustache(Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Wanstrath),mux-demux(Copyright
(c) 2013 Dominic Tarr),mv(Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew
Kelley),mysql2(Copyright (c) 2016 Andrey Sidorov (sidorares@yandex.ru)
and contributors),mz(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com and Contributors),named-placeholders(Copyright (c)
2014 Andrey Sidorov),nan(Copyright (c) 2016 NAN
contributors),nanomatch(Copyright (c) 2016-2017  Jon
Schlinkert.),native-promise-only(No copyright
found),natural-compare(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Lauri Rooden
&lt;lauri@rooden.ee&gt;),naught(NA),nconf(Copyright (C) 2011 Charlie
Robbins and the Contributors.),nconf-yaml(Copyright (c) 2014 Your Name
with optional email),ncp(Copyright (C) 2011 by Charlie
McConnell), negotiator(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico RomeroCopyright
(c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson),netmask(Copyright (c) 2011 Olivier Poitrey
<rs@dailymotion.com>),next-tick(Copyright (C) 2012-2016 Mariusz
Nowak),nghttp2(Copyright: 2012; 2013; 2014 Tatsuhiro
Tsujikawa),ngreact(Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]),ng-resize(Copyright
(c) 2017 danmasta),no-arrowception(Copyright (c) 2015 Continuation
Labs),nocache(Copyright (c) 2014  2015 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),nock(Copyright (c) 2017 Pedro Teixeira and other
contributors),node-cache(Copyright (c) 2016
mpneuried),node-fetch(Copyright (c) 2015 David
Frank),node-fetch-npm(Copyright (c) 2016 David Frank),node-fs(Copyright
2010 Bruno Pedro. All rights reserved.),node-gyp(Copyright (c) 2009
Google Inc. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>),NodeJS(Copyright Node.js
contributors),node-libs-browser(No copyright found),nodemailer(Copyright
(c) 2011-2016 Andris Reinman),nodemailer-direct-transport(Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Andris Reinman),nodemailer-fetch(Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Andris Reinman),nodemailer-shared(Copyright (c) 2016 Andris
Reinman),nodemailer-smtp-pool(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),nodemailer-smtp-transport(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),nodemailer-stub-transport(Copyright (c) 2014 Andris
Reinman),nodemailer-wellknown(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),node-readfiles(Copyright (c) 2016 Alejandro Gonzalez
<guatedude2@hotmial.com>),node-statsd(Copyright 2011 Steve Ivy. All
rights reserved.),node-status-codes(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),node-uuid(Copyright (c) 
2010-2012 Robert Kieffer),node-yaml(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Nick
K.),nokogiri(No copyright found),normalize.css(Copyright ï¿½ Nicolas
Gallagher and Jonathan Neal),normalize-path(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),normalize-range(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),normalize-url(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),no-ui-slider(No copyright
found),npm-run-path(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),ns-popover(Copyright (c) 2014
nohros),num2fraction(Copyright (c) 2014 PostCSS),number-is-nan(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),numerizer(Copyright (c) 2009 Tom
Preston-Werner),object.defaults(Copyright (c) 2014-2015; 2017; Jon
Schlinkert),object.omit(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert),object.pick(Copyright (c) 2014-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),object-assign(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),object-copy(Copyright (c)
2016  Jon Schlinkert.),object-visit(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),observable-to-promise(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),octokit(Copyright (c)
2009-2014 Wynn Netherland; Adam Stacoviak; Erik
Michaels-Ober),onetime(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),on-finished(Copyright (c)
2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),on-headers(Copyright (c)
2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson),ono(Copyright (c) 2015 James
Messinger),open(Copyright (c) 2012 Jay Jordan),optimist(Copyright 2010
James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),optional(Copyright
2015),optionator(Copyright (c) George Zahariev),option-chain(Copyright
(c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)),options(Copyright (c) 2012 Einar Otto
Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;),optjs(No copyright
found),ora(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),ordered-read-streams(Copyright (c) 2014 Artem
Medeusheyev),os-browserify(Copyright (c) 2014 Drew
Young),os-homedir(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),os-locale(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),os-shim(Copyright 2013
Adesis Netlife S.L and constributors),os-tmpdir(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),output-file-sync(Copyright (c) 2014 - 2016
Shinnosuke Watanabe),package-json(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),packet-reader(Copyright
2015 Brian M. Carlson All rights reserved.),pac-proxy-agent(Copyright
(c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),pac-resolver(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan
Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),pako(Copyright (C) 2014-2016 by
Vitaly Puzrin),parallel-transform(Copyright 2013 Mathias
Buus),parse5(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Ivan Nikulin (ifaaan@gmail.com 
https://github.com/inikulin)),parse-database-url(Copyright (c) 2013
Victor Costan),parse-filepath(Copyright (c) 2014-2016; Jon
Schlinkert.),parse-glob(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),parse-json(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),parse-passwd(Copyright (c)
2016 Brian Woodward),parseurl(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),pascalcase(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),passport(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jared
Hanson),passport-google-auth(Copyright (c) 2014 Riptide
Cloud),passport-strategy(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jared
Hanson),password-sheriff(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Auth0
Inc.),path(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.),path.join(Copyright (c) 2014
Manny),path-array(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>),path-browserify(No copyright
found),path-dirname(Copyright (c) Elan Shanker and Node.js contributors.
All rights reserved.),path-exists(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),path-is-absolute(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>,
(sindresorhus.com)),path-key(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),path-loader(Copyright (c)
2015 Jeremy Whitlock),path-match(Copyright (c) 2014 segmentio
&lt;team@segment.io&gt;),path-parse(ï¿½ Javier Blanco),path-proxy(No
Copyright found),path-root(Copyright (c) 2016; Jon
Schlinkert.),path-root-regex(Copyright (c) 2016; Jon
Schlinkert.),path-to-regexp(Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)),path-type(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),path-util(Copyright (c)
2014 Bernhard Schussek),pathval(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Jake Luer
jake@alogicalparadox.com),pause(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;),pbkdf2-compat(Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel
Cousens),pegjs(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 David Majda),pem(Copyright (c)
2012 Andris ReinmanCopyright (c) 2016 Josef FrÌ¦hle),pend(Copyright (c)
2014 Andrew Kelley),performance-now(Copyright (c) 2013 Meryn
Stol),p-finally(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),pg(Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Brian Carlson
(brian.m.carlson@gmail.com)),pg-connection-string(Copyright (c) 2014
Iced Development),pgpass(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Hannes
Hï¿½rl),pg-pool(Copyright (c) 2017 Brian M. Carlson),pg-types(Copyright
(c) 2014 Brian M. Carlson),php-console-highlighter(Copyright (c) 2013
Jakub Onderka),php-encryption(Copyright (c) 2016 Taylor Hornby
<https://defuse.ca> and Paragon Initiative Enterprises
<https://paragonie.com>.),php-simple-html-dom-parser(Sunra),php-xdg-base
-dir(Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel NÌ¦gel),php-yaml(Copyright (c) 2007
Ryusuke SEKIYAMA; Copyright (c) 2009 Keynetics Inc; Copyright (c) 2015
Bryan Davis and contributors),pify(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),pinkie(Copyright (c)
Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)),pinkie-promise(Copyright (c) Vsevolod
Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)),pkg-conf(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),pkg-dir(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),pkginfo(Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie
Robbins.),placeholder-resolver(Copyright (c) 2012 Dragonfly Development
Inc.),platform(Copyright 2014-2016 Benjamin Tan
<https://d10.github.io/>Copyright 2011-2013 John-David Dalton
<http://allyoucanleet.com/>),Plexus-Container-Default(Copyright (c)
2004; The Codehaus),plexus-interactivity(Copyright (c) 2005; The
Codehaus),p-limit(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),p-locate(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),plur(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),pluralize(Copyright
(c) 2013 Blake Embrey (hello@blakeembrey.com)),p-map(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),polyfill-apcu(Copyright (c) 2016 Fabien
Potencier),polyfill-iconv(Copyright (c) 2004-2016 Fabien
Potencier),polyfill-intl-icu(Copyright (c) 2004-2016 Fabien
Potencier),polyfill-mbstring(Copyright (c) 2004-2016 Fabien
Potencier),polyglot(Copyright (c) 2007 Clifford Heath),pop-iterate(No
copyright found),portfinder(Copyright (c) 2012 Charlie
Robbins),posix-getopt(Copyright (c) 2013  Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),postcss(Copyright 2013 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>),postcss-calc(Copyright (c) 2014 Maxime
Thirouin),postcss-colormin(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-convert-values(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-discard-comments(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-discard-duplicates(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-discard-empty(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-discard-overridden(Copyright 2016 Justineo
<justice360@gmail.com>),postcss-discard-unused(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-filter-plugins(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-load-config(Copyright (c) Michael Ciniawsky
<michael.ciniawsky@gmail.com>),postcss-loader(Copyright 2014 Andrey
Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru>),postcss-load-options(Copyright (c) 2016
Michael Ciniawsky
<michael.ciniawsky@gmail.com>),postcss-load-plugins(Copyright (c)
Michael Ciniawsky
<michael.ciniawsky@gmail.com>),postcss-merge-idents(Copyright (c) Ben
Briggs <beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-merge-longhand(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-merge-rules(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-message-helpers(Copyright (c) 2014 Maxime
Thirouin),postcss-minify-font-values(Copyright (c) Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>),postcss-minify-gradients(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-minify-params(Copyright 2015 Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>),postcss-minify-selectors(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-modules-local-by-default(Copyright 2015
Mark Dalgleish
<mark.john.dalgleish@gmail.com>),postcss-normalize-charset(Copyright
2015 Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>),postcss-normalize-url(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-ordered-values(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-reduce-idents(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-reduce-transforms(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-selector-parser(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com> (http://beneb.info)),postcss-svgo(Copyright (c)
Ben Briggs <beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-unique-selectors(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com>
(http://beneb.info)),postcss-value-parser(Copyright (c) Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>),postcss-zindex(Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com> (http://beneb.info)),postgres-array(Copyright (c)
Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)),postgres-bytea(Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)),postgres-date(Copyright (c) Ben
Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)),postgres-interval(Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)),precommit-hook(Copyright Nathan
LaFreniere),precond(Copyright (c) 2012 Mathieu
Turcotte),prelude-ls(Copyright (c) George
Zahariev),prepend-http(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),preserve(Copyright (c)
2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.),pretty-bytes(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),pretty-ms(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),private(Copyright (c) 2014 Ben Newman
<bn@cs.stanford.edu>),process(Copyright (c) 2013 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman@gmail.com>),process-nextick-args(# Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin
Metcalf),progress(Copyright (c) 2017 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>),prometheus-gc-stats(Copyright (c) 2016 Simen
Bekkhus),promise(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay),promised-ldap(No
copyright found),promise-fs(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Nick
K.),promise-retry(Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited),promises(Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Michael Dowling),prompt(Copyright (c) 2010 Nodejitsu
Inc.),properties-reader(Copyright (c) 2013 Steve
King),prophecy(Copyright (c) 2013 Konstantin Kudryashov;Marcello
Duarte),prop-types(Copyright (c) 2013-present  Facebook 
Inc.),proto(Copyright (c) 2013 fresheneesz),proxy-addr(Copyright (c)
2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson),proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan
Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),prr(Copyright (c) 2014 Rod
Vagg),pry(Copyright (c) 2013 John Mair (banisterfiend)),psr7(Copyright
(c) 2015 Michael Dowling),psr-http-message-bridge(Copyright (c)
2004-2016 Fabien Potencier),psysh(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 Justin
Hileman),p-try(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),public_suffix(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Simone
Carletti),pui-css-tooltips(Copyright (c) 2015 Pivotal Software 
Inc.),pui-react-animation(Copyright (c) 2015 Pivotal Software 
Inc.),pui-react-mixins(Copyright (c) 2015 Pivotal Software 
Inc.),pui-react-overlay-trigger(Copyright (c) 2015 Pivotal Software 
Inc.),pui-react-tooltip(Copyright (c) 2015 Pivotal Software 
Inc.),pump(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),pumpify(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus),punycode(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),py2-pip(Copyright (c) 2008-2016 The pip
developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)),py-setuptools(Copyright (C) 2016
Jason R Coombs <jaraco@jaraco.com>),python27-python-wheel(copyright (c)
2012-2014 Daniel Holth <dholth@fastmail.fm>
andcontributors.),PyYAML(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov),q(Copyright
2009Ã¢â‚¬â€œ2014 Kristopher Michael Kowal. All rights
reserved.),querystring(Copyright 2012 Irakli Gozalishvili. All rights
reserved.),query-string(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),querystring-browser(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Rasmussen),querystring-es3(Copyright 2012 Irakli Gozalishvili. All
rights reserved.),quick-lru(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),qunitjs(Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors),rack(ï¿½ 2007 - 2016 Christian
Neukirchen),rack-protection(Copyright (c) 2011 Konstantin Haase),raf(No
copyright found),rake(Copyright (c) Jim Weirich),randexp(Copyright (C)
2011 by Roly Fentanes),random_compat(Copyright (c) 2015 Paragon
Initiative Enterprises),randomatic(Copyright (c) 2013-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),randomstring(Copyright (c) 2012 Elias
Klughammer),range-parser(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<vision-media.ca>),raw-body(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),raw-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),rc(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013 
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),react(Copyright (c)
2013-present  Facebook  Inc.),react-ace(Copyright (c) 2014 James
Hrisho),react-addons-css-transition-group(Copyright (c) 2013-present 
Facebook  Inc.),react-anything-sortable(Copyright (c) 2014 Sen
YangCopyright (c) 2015-2016 Michael Jackson),react-color(Copyright (c)
2015 Case Sandberg),react-copy-to-clipboard(Copyright (c) 2016 Nik
Butenko),reactcss(Copyright (c) 2015 Case Sandberg),react-dom(Copyright
(c) 2013-present  Facebook  Inc.),react-dom-factories(Copyright (c)
2015-present; Facebook; Inc.),react-input-autosize(Copyright (c) 2016
Jed Watson),react-markdown(Copyright (c) 2015 Espen
Hovlandsdal),react-mdl(Copyright (c) 2015 Tommy
Leunen),react-redux(Copyright (c) 2015 Dan
Abramov),react-router(Copyright (c) 2015 Ryan Florence  Michael
Jackson),react-router-dom(Copyright (c) 2016-present React
Training),react-router-redux(Copyright (c) 2015 James
Long),react-router-scroll(Copyright (c) 2016 Jimmy
Jia),react-select(Copyright (c) 2016 Jed
Watson),react-sortable(Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel
Stocks),react-tether(Copyright (c) 2015 React Measure
authors),react-toggle(Copyright (c) 2015
instructure-react),readable-stream("Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
(""""Author"""")"),read-all-stream(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com>),read-chunk(No copyright found),readdirp(Copyright
(c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz),readline2(Copyright (c) 2012 Simon
Boudrias (twitter:
[@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))),read-pkg(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),read-pkg-up(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),recast(Copyright (c) 2012
Ben Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>),rechoir(Copyright (c) 2015 Tyler
Kellen),recursive-iterator(Copyright (c) 2013 nerv.
https://github.com/nervgh),redent(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),redeyed(Copyright 2012
Thorsten Lorenz.),redis(Copyright (c) 2009 Ezra
Zygmuntowicz),redis-parser(Copyright (c) 2015
NodeRedis),reduce-css-calc(Copyright (c) 2014 Maxime Thirouin & Joakim
Bengtson),reduce-function-call("Copyright (c) 2014 """"MoOx"""" Maxime
Thirouin"),reduce-reducers(No copyright found),redux(Copyright (c) 2015
Dan Abramov),redux-actions(Copyright (c) 2016 Andrew
Clark),redux-promise(No copyright found),redux-thunk(No copyright
found),referrer-policy(Copyright (c) 2016 Evan
Hahn),reflection-common(Copyright (c) 2015
phpDocumentor),reflection-docblock(Copyright (c) 2010 Mike van
Riel),regenerate(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),regenerator-runtime(No copyright
found),regex-cache(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),regex-not(Copyright (c) 2016 Jon
Schlinkert),regexpu(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),regexpu-core(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),registry-auth-token(Copyright (c) 2016
Espen Hovlandsdal),registry-url(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),regjsgen(Copyright 2014
Benjamin Tan <demoneaux@gmail.com>
(https://d10.github.io/)),relative(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),remarkable(Copyright (c) 2014-2016; Jon Schlinkert;
Copyright (c) 2014 Jon Schlinkert; Vitaly
Puzrin.),repeat-element(Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert),repeating(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),repeat-string(Copyright (c)
2014-2016  Jon Schlinkert.),replace-ext(Copyright (c) 2014 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>),requestretry(Copyright (c) 2014
Francois-Guillaume Ribreau),require-directory(Copyright (c) 2011 Troy
Goode <troygoode@gmail.com>),require-from-string(Copyright (c) Vsevolod
Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)),require-precompiled(Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),require-uncached(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),requizzle(Copyright (c) 2014 Google Inc.Copyright
(c) 2012-2013 Johannes Ewald),resize-observer-polyfill(Copyright (c)
2016 Denis Rul),resolve(No copyright statement),resolve-cwd(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),resolve-dir(Copyright (c) 2015-2016; Jon
Schlinkert),resolve-from(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),resolve-pathname(No
copyright found),resolve-url(Copyright (c) 2013 Simon
Lydell),response-time(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),restore-cursor(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),ret(Copyright (C) 2011 by
Roly Fentanes),retry(Copyright (c) 2011:),rewire(Copyright (c) 2012
Johannes Ewald),right-align(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),ripemd160(Copyright (c) 2016 crypto-browserify),rootpath(No
copyright found),routing(Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Symfony
CMF),rp(Copyright (c) 2013 Tobias Koppers),ruamel.yaml(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Anthon van der Neut; Ruamel bvba),ruby-progressbar(Copyright
(c) 2010-2016 The Kompanee; Ltd),rufus-scheduler(Copyright (c)
2005-2017; John Mettraux; jmettraux@gmail.com),run-async(Copyright (c)
2014 Simon Boudrias),safe-buffer(Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh),safe-json-stringify(Copyright (c) 2014-2017
[Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)),sawyer(Copyright (c) 2011 rick
olson),scoped-regex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),script-loader(No copyright
found),scroll-behavior(Copyright (c) 2015),scssphp(Copyright (c) 2015
Leaf Corcoran),secure-keys(No copyright found),seedrandom(Copyright 2015
David Bau.),seed-random(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes LindesayCopyright 2013
David Bau  all rights reserved.),selectn(Copyright (c) 2013 Wil Moore
III),semver(Copyright (C) 2015 Composer),semver-compare(Copyright James
Halliday),semver-diff(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),send(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson),seq-queue(Copyright (c) 2012 Netease  Inc. and other pomelo
contributors),sequel(Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Sharon Rosner; Copyright
(c) 2008-2017 Jeremy Evans),serializer(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),serve-favicon(Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c)
2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2017
Douglas Christopher Wilson),serve-static(Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha
Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson),set-getter(Copyright (c) 2016  Brian
Woodward.),setimmediate(Copyright (c) 2012 Barnesandnoble.com  llc 
Donavon West  and Domenic Denicola),set-immediate-shim(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),setuptools(Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs
<jaraco@jaraco.com>),set-value(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),sfsmallscreen.js(No Copyright Found),sftouchscreen.js(No
Copyright Found),sha(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes
Lindesay),sha.js(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 sha.js
contributors),shebang-command(Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),shebang-regex(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),should(Copyright(c) 2010-2013 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright(c) 2013-2016 Denis Bardadym
<bardadymchik@gmail.com>),should-equal(Copyright (c)
2014),should-format(Copyright (c) 2014),should-type(Copyright (c)
2014),should-type-adaptors(Copyright (c) 2016 Should.js assertion
library),should-util(Copyright (c) 2016 Should.js assertion
library),simple_oauth(Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Steve Richert; Erik
Michaels-Ober),simple-cache(Copyright (c) 2016 PHP Framework
Interoperability Group),simple-fmt(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),simple-is(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),simple-lru-cache(Copyright (c) 2013
Mercadolibre.com),simple-swizzle(Copyright (c) 2015 Josh
Junon),sinatra(Copyright (c) 2007  2008  2009 Blake MizeranyCopyright
(c) 2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016 Konstantin
Haase),six(Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Benjamin
Peterson),slack-node(Copyright (c) 2015 Caesar Chi),slash(ï¿½ Sindre
Sorhus),SLF4J-api(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch All rights
reserved.),slf4j-log4j12(Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.chAll rights
reserved.),SLF4J-simple(No copyright found),slice-ansi(Copyright (c) DC
<threedeecee@gmail.com>),slick(Copyright (c) 2017 Ken
Wheeler),slick-carousel(Copyright (c) 2017 Ken Wheeler),slop(Copyright
(c) 2012 Lee Jarvis),slugify(Copyright (c) Simeon Velichkov
<simeonvelichkov@gmail.com>),smart-buffer(Copyright (c) 2013 Josh
Glazebrook),smoothscroll-polyfill(Copyright (c) 2013 Dustan
Kasten),smtp-connection(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Andris
Reinman),snapdragon(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),snapdragon-node(Copyright (c) 2017  Jon
Schlinkert),snapdragon-util(Copyright (c) 2017  Jon
Schlinkert),snappy(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 miyucy),snmp(Copyright (c)
2004-2014 David R. Halliday),soap(Copyright (C) 2013 Vinay
Pulim),socks(Copyright (c) 2013 Josh
Glazebrook),socks-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),sorted-union-stream(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus),sort-keys(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),source-list-map(Copyright
(c) 2015 Tobias Koppers),source-map-resolve(Copyright (c) 2014  2015 
2016 Simon Lydell),source-map-support(Copyright (c) 2014 Evan
Wallace),source-map-url(Copyright (c) 2014 Simon
Lydell),sparkles(Copyright (c) 2014 Blaine Bublitz),spawn-sync(Copyright
(c) 2013 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay),spdx-expression-parse(Copyright (c) 2015 Kyle E. Mitchell &
other authors listed in AUTHORS),split(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
Tarr),split-string(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),sprig(Copyright (C) 2013 Masterminds),SQLite(No Copyright
Statement found),sqlstring(Copyright (c) 2012 Felix Geisend??rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),sse(Copyright (c) 2011 Einar
Otto Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;),ssh2(Copyright Brian White. All
rights reserved.),ssh2-streams(Copyright 2014 Brian White. All rights
reserved.),sshpk(Copyright Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),stable(Copyright (C) 2017 Angry Bytes and
contributors.),stack-cors(Copyright (c) 2013-2017
Alexander),stack-trace(Copyright (c) 2011 Felix Geisendï¿½rfer
(felix@debuggable.com)),stack-utils(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
<i@izs.me>  James Talmage <james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage) 
and Contributors),static-extend(Copyright (c) 2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),stat-mode(No copyright found),statsd-ruby(Copyright (c)
2011; 2012; 2013 Rein Henrichs),statuses(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com),stream-browserify(No copyright
found),stream-combiner(Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic
Tarr'),stream-combiner2(Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic
Tarr'),stream-each(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus),stream-iterate(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus),streamroller(Copyright (c) 2013 Gareth
Jones),streamsearch(Copyright Brian White. All rights
reserved.),stream-serializer(Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic
Tarr'),stream-shift(Copyright (c) 2016 Mathias
Buus),strict-uri-encode(Copyright (c) Kevin MÌ´rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),strictyaml(Copyright (c)
2014 Colm O'Connor),string.prototype.repeat(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<http://mathiasbynens.be/>),string_decoder(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and
other Node contributors.),stringmap(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),stringset(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),stringstream(Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)),string-template(Copyright (c) 2013 Matt
Esch.),string-width(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),strip-ansi(No copyright found),strip-bom(No
copyright found),strip-bom-buf(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),strip-bom-stream(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),strip-dirs(Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015 Shinnosuke
Watanabe),stripe(Copyright (C) 2011 Ask Bj??rn HansenCopyright (C) 2013
Stripe  Inc. (https://stripe.com)),strip-eof(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),strip-indent(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),strip-json-comments(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),strip-outer(ï¿½ [Sindre
Sorhus](http://sindresorhus.com)),striptags(Copyright (c) [2017] [Eric
Norris]),strong-error-handler(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016. All Rights
Reserved.),strong-soap(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016. All Rights
Reserved.),style-loader(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),success-symbol(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),su-exec(Copyright (c) 2015 ncopa),sum-up(Copyright (c) 2014
- 2016 Shinnosuke Watanabe),superagent(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 TJ
Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>),superfish(Mehrpadin),superfish.js(Copyright (c)
2008 Joel Birch),supersubs.js(Copyright (c) 2013 Joel
Birch),supports-color(No copyright found),supposition.js(Copyright (c)
2008 Joel Birch),svgo(Copyright ï¿½ 2012ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½2016 Kir BelevichCopyright ï¿½
2012ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½2016 ???ï¿½ï¿½ ?ï¿½?ï¿½?ï¿½?ï¿½???ï¿½ï¿½),swagger-jsdoc(Copyright (c) 2013
Fliptoo <fliptoo.studio@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 devlouiscCopyright
(c) 2015 Surnet),swagger-methods(Copyright (c) 2015 James
Messinger),swagger-parser(Copyright (c) 2015 James
Messinger),sway(Copyright (c) 2015 Apigee
Corporation),swiftmailer(Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Fabien
Potencier),symbol-observable(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Ben Lesh
<ben@benlesh.com>),symfony-console-completion(Copyright (c) 2014 Stephen
Holdaway),tapable(No copyright found),tap-parser(Copyright Not
Found),tap-xunit(Copyright (c) 2014 Ali Ghassemi),tar-fs(Copyright (c)
2014 Mathias Buus),tar-stream(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias
Buus),tdigest(Copyright (c) 2015 Will Welch),term-size(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),tether(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 HubSpot 
Inc.),textextensions(Copyright 2013 Bevry Pty Ltd),text-table(No
copyright found),thenify(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com and contributors),thenify-all(Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com),through(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),through2("Copyright 2013  Rod Vagg
(the """"Original Author"""")"),through2-filter(Copyright (c) Bryce B.
Baril <bryce@ravenwall.com>),thunkify(Copyright Not
Found),ticky(Copyright (c) 2015 Nicolas Bevacqua),tildify(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),tilt(Copyright (c) 2010 Ryan
Tomayko),timed-out(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com>),time-require(Copyright (c) 2014
Jaguard),timers-browserify(Copyright ï¿½ 2012 J. Ryan Stinnett
<jryans@gmail.com>    Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.),timers-ext(Copyright (C) 2013-2017
Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),timespan(Copyright (c) 2010 Michael
Stum  Charlie Robbins),time-stamp(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),tinycolor2(Copyright (c) 2012  Brian
Grinstead),tiny-emitter(Copyright (c) 2017 Scott
Corgan),tinygradient(Copyright (c) 2014 Damien Sorel),tmp(Copyright (c)
2014 KARASZI Istvï¿½ï¿½n),to-absolute-glob(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),to-fast-properties(Copyright (c) 2014 Petka
Antonov),to-gfm-code-block(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),toggle-selection(Copyright (c) 2017 sudodoki
<smd.deluzion@gmail.com>),to-object-path(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon
Schlinkert.),toposort(Copyright (c) 2012 by Marcel Klehr
<mklehr@gmx.net>),to-regex(Copyright (c) 2016 Jon
Schlinkert),to-regex-range(Copyright (c) 2015-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),to-utf8(No copyright found),transformers(Copyright (c) 2013
Forbes Lindesay),translation(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),traverse(Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)),treetop(Copyright (c) 2007 Nathan
Sobo.),trim-newlines(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),trim-repeated(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),trim-right(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),trunc-html(Copyright (c)
2016 Nicolas Bevacqua),trunc-text(Copyright (c) 2016 Nicolas
Bevacqua),tryit(Copyright ï¿½ 2018 Henrik Joreteg;
https://joreteg.com),tryor(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),try-resolve(No copyright
found),tsscmp(Copyright (c) 2016),tty-browserify(No copyright
found),tunnel-ssh(No copyright found),twilio(Copyright (C) 2017  Twilio 
Inc. <help@twilio.com>),twitter(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Erik
Michaels-Ober; John Nunemaker; Wynn Netherland; Steve Richert; Steve
Agalloco.),twitteroauth(Copyright (c) 2009 Abraham
Williams),type-check(Copyright (c) George Zahariev),typedarray(Copyright
(c) 2010  Linden Research  Inc. Copyright (c) 2012  Joshua
Bell),type-detect(Copyright (c) 2013 Jake Luer
<jake@alogicalparadox.com>
(http://alogicalparadox.com)),type-is(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),typeof-article(Copyright (c) 2017 Jon
Schlinkert),type-resolver(Copyright (c) 2010 Mike van
Riel),tzinfo(Copyright (c) 2005-2017 Philip Ross),tzinfo-data(Copyright
(c) 2005-2017 Philip Ross),ua-parser-js(Copyright ï¿½ 2012-2016 Faisal
Salman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>),uc.micro(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>),uglify-to-browserify(Copyright (c) 2013
Forbes Lindesay),uid2(Copyright (c) 2013 Marco
Aurelio),ui-select(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 AngularUI),ultron(Copyright
(c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier   the
Contributors.),umask(Copyright (c) 2015 Sam
Mikes),unc-path-regex(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),underscore(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy Ashkenas 
DocumentCloud and Investigative),underscore.string(Copyright (c) 2011
Esa-Matti Suuronen esa-matti@suuronen.org),union-value(Copyright (c)
2015-2017  Jon Schlinkert),uniq(Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola
Lysenko),uniqid(Copyright (c) 2014 Halï¿½ï¿½sz ï¿½?dï¿½ï¿½m
<mail@adamhalasz.com>),uniqs(No copyright found),unique-stream(Copyright
2014 Eugene Ware),unique-string(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),unique-temp-dir(Copyright
(c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)),universal-analytics(Copyright (c) 2017 Peaks
& Pies GmbH &lt;hello@peaksandpies.com&gt;),universalify(Copyright (c)
2017  Ryan Zimmerman <opensrc@ryanzim.com>),unpipe(Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>),unset-value(Copyright (c) 2015  2017  Jon
Schlinkert),untildify(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),unzipper(Copyright (c) 2012
- 2013 Near Infinity Corporation),unzip-response(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),urix(Copyright (c)
2013 Simon Lydell),url(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors.),urllib3(Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov and
contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS.txt)),url-loader(Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors),url-parse-lax(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),use(Copyright (c) 2015-2017
Jon Schlinkert),user-home(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),utf8-bytes(James
Halliday),utfstring(Copyright (c) 2016 Cameron Dutro),util(Copyright
Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.),util-deprecate(Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>),utile(Copyright (c) 2011; Charlie Robbins &
the Contributors),util-extend(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.),utils-merge(Copyright (c) 2013 Jared
Hanson),uuid(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other
contributors),v8flags(Copyright (c) 2014 Tyler
Kellen),vali-date(Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com>
(github.com/SamVerschueren)),validator(Copyright (c) 2004-2017 Fabien
Potencier),value-equal(No copyright found),var-dumper(Copyright (c)
2004-2017 Fabien Potencier),vary(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson),vasync(Copyright (c) 2014  Joyent  Inc. All rights
reserved.),vendors(Copyright (c) 2016 Titus Wormer
<tituswormer@gmail.com>),verror(Copyright (c) 2016  Joyent  Inc. All
rights reserved.),vinyl(Copyright (c) 2013 Fractal
<contact@wearefractal.com>),vinyl-assign(Copyright (c) Kevin Mï¿½rtensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com>),vinyl-file(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),vinyl-fs(Copyright (c)
2013-2016 Fractal <contact@wearefractal.com>),vkbeautify(Copyright (c)
2015 aabluedragon),vm-browserify(No copyright
found),void-elements(Copyright (c) 2014 hemanth),w3c-blob(No copyright
found),ware(Copyright (c) 2013 Segment.io
&lt;friends@segment.io&gt;),warning-symbol(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.),watchpack(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),wcwidth(Copyright (C) 2012 by Jun
Woong.),webpack(Copyright (c) 2012 - 2015 Tobias
Koppers),webpack-bundle-analyzer(Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors),webpack-core(Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Tobias
Koppers),whatwg-fetch(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 GitHub 
Inc.),wheel(copyright (c) 2012-2014 Daniel Holth
andcontributors.),when(Copyright (c) 2011 Brian
Cavalier),whet.extend(Copyright (c) 2012 Dmitrii
Karpich),widest-line(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),window-or-global(Copyright
(c) Purpose Industries),window-size(Copyright (c) 2014 Jon
Schlinkert),winser(Copyright (c) 2011 Jose Romaniello
&lt;jfromaniello@gmail.com&gt;),winston(Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie
Robbins),with(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay),word-count(No
copyright found),wordwrap(No copyright found),worker-farm(Copyright (c)
2014 LevelUP contributors),wrap-ansi(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),wrap-fn(Copyright (c) 2014
Matthew Mueller &lt;mattmuelle@gmail.com&gt;),write(Copyright (c)
2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.),write-json-file(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),write-pkg(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),ws(Copyright
(c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>),x509(No copyright
found),xdg-basedir(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),xhr2(Copyright (c) 2013 Victor
Costan),xml2js(Copyright 2010  2011  2012  2013. All rights
reserved.),xmlbuilder(Copyright (c) 2013 Ozgur
Ozcitak),xml-crypto(Copyright (c) Yaron Naveh
<yaronn01@gmail.com>),xmldom(No copyright found),xpath.js(Copyight Not
Found),xregexp(Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Steven Levithan
<http://xregexp.com/>),xstrings(Copyright (c) 2015 Huan
Du),xtend(Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos and xtend
contributors.),x-xss-protection(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Evan Hahn  Adam
Baldwin),yacron(Copyright (c) 2017; Gambit Research),yaml(Copyright (c)
2004-2017 Fabien Potencier),yamljs(Copyright (c) 2010 Jeremy
Faivre),yargs(Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)Modified
work Copyright 2014 Contributors (ben@npmjs.com)),yauzl(Copyright (c)
2014 Josh Wolfe),year(Copyright (c) 2014 Jon Schlinkert 
contributors.),yeoman-test(Copyright (c) 2015 The Yeoman Team
<admin@simonboudrias.com>),yeoman-welcome(Copyright (c)
Yeoman),zippy(Copyright (c) 2012 Alchemy),zip-stream(Copyright (c) 2014
Chris Talkington  contributors.),zone.js(Copyright (c) 2016 Google 
Inc.Copyright (c) 2016 Google  Inc.),z-schema(Copyright (c) 2014 Martin
Zagora and other contributors),alecthomas-units(Copyright (C) 2014 Alec
Thomas),autolinker(Copyright (c) 2014 Gregory Jacobs
(http://greg-jacobs.com)),color(Copyright (c) 2013 Fatih
Arslan),go-hostpool(Copyright (c) 2015 Bitly),JSONStream(Copyright (c)
2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),jszip("Copyright (c)
2009-2014 Stuart Knightley  David Duponchel  Franz Buchinger  Antï¿½?nio
Afonso Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation  Inc.
<http://fsf.org/>  """"Copyright"""" also means copyright-like laws that
apply to other kinds of"),kingpin.v2(Copyright (C) 2014 Alec
Thomas),rc(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013  Dominic
TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),xml-escape(Copyright (c) 2014
Michael Hernandez), @timkendrick/monaco-editor (Copyright (c) 2018 Tim Kendrick),
Dropit (Copyright 2012; Dev7studios), fpm (Copyright (c) 2011 2012 2013 Jordan Sissel and contributors.),
Slick Carousel (Copyright (c) 2013-2016), slf4j-api (Copyright (c) 2004-2011 QOS.ch),
slf4j (Copyright (c) 2004-2017 QOS.ch), six (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Benjamin Peterson),
setuptools (Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs), python-pip (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2008-2013 The pip developers),
path-is-inside (Copyright Â© 2013â€“2016 Domenic Denicola),
opener (Copyright Â© 2012â€“2016 Domenic Denicola), jcl-over-slf4j (Copyright (c) 2004-2017 QOS.ch),
sorted-object (Copyright Ã¥Â© 2014â€°Ã›Ã’2016 Domenic Denicola Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar Copyright Ã¥Â© 2014â€°Ã›Ã’2016 Domenic Denicola),
curl(Copyright (c) 1996 - 2018; Daniel Stenberg;
<daniel@haxx.se>),yaml(Copyright (c) 2006-2016 Kirill
Simonov),libcurl(Copyright (c) 1996 - 2018; Daniel Stenberg;
<daniel@haxx.se>),expat(Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper;Copyright (c) 2001-2017 Expat
maintainers),dbus-python("Copyright:; ï¿½ 1994 A.M. Kuchling; ï¿½ 2002-2008
Red Hat; Inc; ï¿½ 2002-2003 CodeFactory AB; ï¿½ 2002 Michael Meeks; ï¿½ 2004
Imendio HB; ï¿½ 2005 Lennart Poettering; ï¿½ 2005 Novell; Inc; ï¿½ 2005 David
A. Wheeler; ï¿½ 2006-2013 Ralf Habacker; ï¿½ 2006 Mandriva; ï¿½ 2006 Peter
Kï¿½mmel; ï¿½ 2006 Christian Ehrlicher; ï¿½ 2006 Thiago Macieira; ï¿½ 2008 Colin
Walters; ï¿½ 2009 Klaralvdalens Datakonsult AB; a KDAB Group company; ï¿½
2011-2012 Nokia Corporation; ï¿½ 2012-2017 Collabora Ltd.; ï¿½ 2013 Intel
Corporation; ""modified code from libassuan; (C)
FSF"""),fontconfig(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard),giflib(Copyright
(c) 1997  Eric S. Raymond),krb5-libs(Copyright (C) 1985-2017 by the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology),libcom_err(No copyright
string),libffi(Copyright (c) 1996-2010  Red Hat; Inc and
others),libfontenc(Copyright 2009 Peter Hutterer
<peter.hutterer@redhat.com>),libICE(Copyright 2009 Peter Hutterer
<peter.hutterer@redhat.com>),libSM(Copyright: 1996-2015; Daniel Stenberg
<daniel@haxx.se>),libss(No copyright string),libverto(Copyright 2011 Red
Hat; Inc.),libX11(Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Portland State University and
Massachusetts Institute of Technology),libX11-common(Copyright (c)
2004-2007 Portland State University and Massachusetts Institute of
Technology),libXau(Copyright: 1996-2015; Daniel Stenberg
<daniel@haxx.se>),libxcb(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey
Sharp; and Josh Triplett.),libXcomposite(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libXext(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard),libXfont(Copyright
ï¿½ 2007 Red Hat; Inc;Copyright (c) 2008; 2009; Oracle and/or its
affiliates),libXi(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),libxml2(Copyright (C) 1998-2002 Daniel
Veillard),libxml2-python(Copyright (C) 1998-2002 Daniel
Veillard),libXrender(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libxslt(Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Daniel
Veillard;),libXtst(Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Portland State University and
Massachusetts Institute of Technology),lua(Copyright (C) 1994-2008
Lua.org; PUC-Rio),ncurses(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software
Foundation; Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),ncurses-base(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software Foundation;
Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep Padala),popt(Copyright (c) 1998  Red Hat
Software),python-iniparse(Copyright (c) 2001; 2002; 2003 Python Software
Foundation;Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Paramjit Oberoi
<param.cs.wisc.edu>;Copyright (c) 2007 Tim Lauridsen
<tla@rasmil.dk>),ustr(Copyright James Antill),xorg-x11-font-utils(No
copyright string),xorg-x11-fonts-Type1(No copyright string),libncurses5
(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software
Foundation; Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),libncursesw5(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software Foundation;
Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep Padala),libtinfo5(Copyright (c)
1998-2014 Free Software Foundation; Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),libxkbcommon0(Copyright 1996 by Joseph Moss;Copyright (C)
2002-2007 Free Software Foundation; Inc.;Copyright (C) Dmitry Golubev
<lastguru@mail.ru>; 2003-2004;Copyright (C) 2004; Gregory Mokhin
<mokhin@bog.msu.ru>;Copyright (C) 2006 Erdal
Ronahï¿½),ncurses-bin(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software Foundation;
Inc.;Copyright ï¿½ 2001 by Pradeep Padala),xkb-data(Copyright 1996 by
Joseph Moss;Copyright (C) 2002-2007 Free Software Foundation;
Inc.;Copyright (C) Dmitry Golubev <lastguru@mail.ru>;
2003-2004;Copyright (C) 2004; Gregory Mokhin
<mokhin@bog.msu.ru>;Copyright (C) 2006 Erdal
Ronahï¿½),fontconfig-config(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),jq(Copyright: 2012 Stephen Dolan
<mu@netsoc.tcd.ie>),less(Copyright (C) 1984-2007  Mark
Nudelman),libdrm2(Copyright 2005 Adam Jackson.),libdrm-amdgpu1(Copyright
2005 Adam Jackson.),libdrm-intel1(Copyright 2005 Adam
Jackson.),libdrm-nouveau2(Copyright 2005 Adam
Jackson.),libdrm-radeon1(Copyright 2005 Adam
Jackson.),libegl1-mesa(Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libexpat1(;Copyright (c) 1998; 1999; 2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd;                               and Clark
Cooper;Copyright (c) 2001; 2002; 2003; 2004; 2005; 2006 Expat
maintainers.),libffi6(Copyright (c) 1996-2010  Red Hat; Inc and
others),libfontconfig1(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libfontenc1(Copyright (c) 1998-2001 by Juliusz
Chroboczek),libgbm1(Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libgif7(Copyright: (C) 1997 Eric S. Raymond
<esr@thyrsus.com>),libgl1-mesa-dri(Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libgl1-mesa-glx(Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libglapi-mesa(;Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libharfbuzz0b(Copyright: 2010;2011;2013-2015  Google; Inc.;       
2012;2013;2015  Mozilla Foundation;           2011  Codethink Limited;  
2008;2010  Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies);           2009
Keith Stribley;           2009  Martin Hosken and SIL International;    
2007  Chris Wilson;           2006  Behdad Esfahbod;           2005 
David Turner;           2004;2007;2008;2009;2010;2013  Red Hat; Inc.;   
1998-2004  David Turner and Werner Lemberg),libice6(Copyright 1993; 1998
The Open Group),libpixman-1-0(Copyright 1987; 1988; 1989; 1998  The Open
Group; * Copyright 1987; 1988; 1989 Digital Equipment Corporation; *
Copyright 1999; 2004; 2008 Keith Packard; * Copyright 2000 SuSE; Inc.; *
Copyright 2000 Keith Packard; member of The XFree86 Project; Inc.; *
Copyright 2004; 2005; 2007; 2008; 2009; 2010 Red Hat; Inc.; * Copyright
2004 Nicholas Miell; * Copyright 2005 Lars Knoll & Zack Rusin;
Trolltech; * Copyright 2005 Trolltech AS; * Copyright 2007 Luca Barbato;
* Copyright 2008 Aaron Plattner; NVIDIA Corporation; * Copyright 2008
Rodrigo Kumpera; * Copyright 2008 Andrï¿½ Tupinambï¿½; * Copyright 2008
Mozilla Corporation; * Copyright 2008 Frederic Plourde; * Copyright
2009; Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.; * Copyright
2009; 2010 Nokia Corporation),libpsl5(Copyright: 2014-2016 Tim
Ruehsen),libsm6(Copyright 1993; 1998  The Open
Group),libustr-1.0-1(Copyright: 2007 James Antill
<james@and.org>),libwayland-egl1-mesa(Copyright (C) 1999-2007  Brian
Paul),libx11-6(Copyright (C) 2003-2006;2008 Jamey Sharp; Josh
Triplett;Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright
1990-1992;1999;2000;2004;2009;2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates.),libx11-data(Copyright (C) 2003-2006;2008 Jamey Sharp; Josh
Triplett;Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright
1990-1992;1999;2000;2004;2009;2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates.),libx11-xcb1(Copyright (C) 2003-2006;2008 Jamey Sharp; Josh
Triplett;Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright
1990-1992;1999;2000;2004;2009;2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates.),libxau6(Copyright 1988; 1998  The Open
Group),libxaw7(Copyright 1985-1990; 1994; 1998  The Open Group;Copyright
2003-2004 Roland Mainz <roland.mainz@nrubsig.org>),libxcb1(Copyright (C)
2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh
Triplett),libxcb-dri2-0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey
Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcb-dri3-0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart
Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcb-glx0(Copyright (C)
2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh
Triplett),libxcb-present0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey
Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcb-render0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart
Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcb-shape0(Copyright (C)
2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh
Triplett),libxcb-shm0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp;
and Josh Triplett),libxcb-sync1(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey;
Jamey Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcb-xfixes0(Copyright (C) 2001-2006
Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp; and Josh Triplett),libxcomposite1(Copyright ï¿½
2001;2003 Keith Packard),libxcursor1(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libxdamage1(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard;Copyright ï¿½
2007 Eric Anholt),libxdmcp6(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),libxext6(Copyright 1986; 1987; 1988; 1989; 1994; 1998  The Open
Group),libxfixes3(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard),libxft2(Copyright
ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard),libxi6(Copyright 1986; 1987; 1988; 1989;
1994; 1998  The Open Group),libxinerama1(;Copyright (c) 2007; Oracle
and/or its affiliates),libxmu6(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),libxmuu1(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open Group),libxpm4(;Copyright
(C) 1989-95 GROUPE BULL),libxrandr2(Copyright ï¿½ 2000; Compaq Computer
Corporation;;Copyright ï¿½ 2002; Hewlett Packard;
Inc.),libxrender1(Copyright ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith
Packard),libxshmfence1(Copyright ï¿½ 2013 Keith Packard),libxt6(Copyright
ï¿½ 2001;2003 Keith Packard),libxtst6(Copyright 1990; 1991 by UniSoft
Group Limited;Copyright 1992; 1993; 1995; 1998  The Open
Group),libxv1(Copyright 1991 by Digital Equipment Corporation; Maynard;
Massachusetts;;and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Cambridge;
Massachusetts.;Written by:;David Carver (Digital Workstation
Engineering/Project Athena);Mark Vojkovich (XFree86
Project)),libxxf86dga1(Copyright (c) 1995  Jon Tombs;Copyright (c) 1995;
1996  The XFree86 Project; Inc),libxxf86vm1(Copyright (c) 1995  Jon
Tombs;Copyright (c) 1995; 1996  The XFree86 Project;
Inc),python-dnspython(Copyright (C) 2001-2007; 2009-2011 Nominum;
Inc.),x11-utils(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open Group),xauth(Copyright
1989;1998  The Open Group),curl(Copyright (c) 1996 - 2016; Daniel
Stenberg; <daniel@haxx.se>.;;All rights reserved),libxslt1.1(Copyright
(C) 2001-2002 Daniel Veillard.),xsltproc(Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Daniel
Veillard.),liblua5.1-0(Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org;
PUC-Rio.),dh-python(Copyright: 2010-2013 Piotr OÅ¼arowski
<piotr@debian.org>),libdrm2:amd64(Copyright 2005 Adam
Jackson),libexpat1:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998; 1999; 2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd;                               and Clark
Cooper;Copyright (c) 2001; 2002; 2003; 2004; 2005; 2006 Expat
maintainers.),libexpat1-dev:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998; 1999; 2000 Thai
Open Source Software Center Ltd;                               and Clark
Cooper;Copyright (c) 2001; 2002; 2003; 2004; 2005; 2006 Expat
maintainers.),libffi6:amd64(Copyright (c) 1996-2010  Red Hat; Inc and
others),libisl15:amd64(Copyright: 2005-2007 Universiteit Leiden;
2008-2009 Katholieke Universiteit Leuven; 2010-2011 INRIA Saclay; 2012
Ecole Normale Superieure; 2006-2007 Sven Verdoolaege; 2008-2009
K.U.Leuven),libjson-c2:amd64(Copyright: 2004-2005; Metaparadigm Pte.
Ltd. <michael@metaparadigm.com>),liblua5.3-0:amd64(Copyright (C)
1994-2012 Lua.org; PUC-Rio.),libncurses5:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998-2016
Free Software Foundation; Inc.;Copyright Â© 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),libncursesw5:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software
Foundation; Inc.;Copyright Â© 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),libtinfo5:amd64(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software
Foundation; Inc.;Copyright Â© 2001 by Pradeep
Padala),libustr-1.0-1:amd64(Copyright: 2007 James Antill
<james@and.org>),libx11-6:amd64(Copyright (C) 2003-2006;2008 Jamey
Sharp; Josh Triplett;Copyright Â© 2009 Red Hat; Inc.;Copyright
1990-1992;1999;2000;2004;2009;2010 Oracle and/or its
affiliates.),libxau6:amd64(Copyright 1988; 1998  The Open
Group),libxcb1:amd64(Copyright (C) 2001-2006 Bart Massey; Jamey Sharp;
and Josh Triplett),libxdmcp6:amd64(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),libxext6:amd64(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),libxml2:amd64(Copyright (C) 1998-2002 Daniel
Veillard),libxmuu1:amd64(Copyright 1989; 1998  The Open
Group),ncurses-term(Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Free Software Foundation;
Inc.;Copyright Â© 2001 by Pradeep Padala),python3-dbus(Copyright: Â©
2003-2006 Red Hat Inc. Â© 2003 David Zeuthen; Â© 2004 Rob Taylor; Â© 2004 Anders Carlsson; 
Â© 2005 Colin Walters; Â© 2005-2007 Collabora Ltd.),python3-yaml(Copyright
Â© 2006 Kirill Simonov),python-httplib2(Copyright:
2006; Joe Gregorio;2009; Mark Pilgrim),python-yaml(Copyright
Â© 2006 Kirill Simonov),tmux(Copyright (c) 2007-2010
Nicholas Marriott <nicm@users.sourceforge.net> on; everything not listed
thereunder; Copyright (c) 2009 Joshua Elsasser <josh@elsasser.org> on;
attributes.c; osdep-darwin.c; Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Tiago Cunha
<me@tiagocunha.org> on; cmd-confirm-before.c; cmd-copy-buffer.c;
cmd-display-message.c; cmd-if-shell.c; cmd-load-buffer.c;
cmd-save-buffer.c; cmd-source-file.c; examples/tmux.vim; Copyright (c)
2002 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com> on; getopt_long.c;
Copyright (c) 2004; 2005; 2007 Darren Tucker (dtucker at zip com au) on;
bsd-poll.c; Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C. Miller
<Todd.Miller@courtesan.com> on; strlcat.c; Copyright (c) 1998 Todd C.
Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com> on; strlcpy.c; Copyright (c) 2004 Ted
Unangst and Todd Miller on; strtonum.c; Copyright (c) 2010 Romain
Francoise <rfrancoise@debian.org> on; signal.c),geoip-dev(Copyright:
2016 Sophie Brun <sophie@freexian.com>),python3-pycurl(Copyright (C) 
2001-2008 by Kjetil Jacobsen <kjetilja at gmail.com>; Copyright (C) 
2001-2008 by Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer;Copyright (C) 2013-2014 by Oleg Pudeyev),
0doc.go (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke. All rights reserved.), :
logrus (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Eskildsen), _jquery.highlight.js
(Copyright (c) 2009 Bartek Szopka), _jquery.tocify.js (Copyright (c)
2013 Greg Franko), _jqunr.js (Copyright (C) 2014 Oliver Nightingale),
allcss.css (Copyright 2011-2015 Twitter, Inc.), alt_exit.go (Copyright
(c) 2012 Miki Tebeka <miki.tebeka@gmail.com>.), ansible-jquery
(Copyright 2010, John Resig), ansible-underscore ((c) 2009 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.), async (No Copyright found), async-2.6.1
(Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Caolan McMahon), Atob (Copyright (c) 2015 AJ
ONeal), bindings.py (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Will Bond), buffer-
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh and other contributors.), bugsnag-go
(Copyright (c) 2014 Bugsnag), chai-things- (Copyright (c) 2013 Ruben
Verborgh), concat-stream (No Copyright found), core-js-2.5.7 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Denis Pushkarev), CRC32.lua (Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Neil
Richardson), deep- (Copyright not found), denque-1.2.3 (Copyright (c)
2018 Mike Diarmid (Salakar) <mike.diarmid@gmail.com>),
distribution-2.6.1 (Nick Craig-Wood), doc.go (Copyright (c) 2012,2013
Ernest Micklei), end-of-stream-1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
eventemitter2-0.4.14 (Copyright (c) 2011 hij1nx
<http://www.twitter.com/hij1nx>), exit- (Copyright (c) 2013 ""Cowboy""
Ben Alman), fill-keys- (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), findup-sync- (Copyright (c) 2013 ""Cowboy"" Ben
Alman), for-each-0.3.3 (Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.), getobject-
(Copyright (c) 2013 ""Cowboy"" Ben Alman), grunt-1.0.3 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/),
grunt-known-options- (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/), has-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2013 Thiago de Arruda),
he- (Copyright Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), hooker-
(Copyright not found), https-proxy-agent (No Copyright found), idna-ssl
(Copyright (c) 2018 aio-libs team https://github.com/aio-libs/ Copyright
(c) 2017 Ocean S. A. https://ocean.io/), jQuery BBQ (Copyright (c) 2010
"Cowboy" Ben Alman), js-yaml-3.5.5 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly
Puzrin), lazybird (Node) (Copyright (c) 2014 Assaf Arkin), lego
(Copyright (c) 2015 Sebastian Erhart), loopback-3.19.3 (Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2013 2018. All Rights Reserved.),
loopback-datasource-juggler-3.21.1 (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2011 2017.
All Rights Reserved.), loopback-filters-0.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2014
StrongLoop, Inc and other contributors.), loopback-workspace-4.2.0
(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2017. All Rights Reserved.), mapstruture
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), Marked (Copyright (c)
2011-2014, Christopher Jeffrey), mocha- (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JS
Foundation and contributors https://js.foundation), myparsing.py
(Copyright (c) 2003-2016 Paul T. McGuire), mysql2-1.5.3 (Copyright (c)
2016 Andrey Sidorov (sidorares@yandex.ru) and contributors),
ngx_http_parse.c (copyright Igor Sysoev), node-ansi-regex
(@sindresorhus), node-chronjs (Copyright (c) 2002-2008 Kris Kowal
<http://cixar.com/~kris.kowal>), node-prototype ((c) 2005-2007 Sam
Stephenson), node-slack-sdk-example (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Slack
Technologies, Inc.), node-windows-autoconf (Copyright 2017 - Refael
Ackermann), openssl_hostname_validation.c (Copyright (C) 2012, iSEC
Partners.), ordered_dict.py (Copyright 2009 Raymond Hettinger),
panicwrap (Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), pkcs8.go (Copyright
(c) 2014 youmark), properties-reader-0.0.16 (Copyright (c) 2013 Steve
King), proxy.py (Copyright (C) 2012 Senko Rasic), pypa/setuptools (No
Copyright found), rc2.go (Copyright (C) The Internet Society (1998).Â 
All Rights Reserved.), readable-stream (No Copyright found), reader.go
(Copyright 2012 SocialCode. All rights reserved.), README.md (Copyright
Â© 2017-2018 Yasuhiro Matsumoto, http://mattn.kaoriya.net
<mattn.jp@gmail.com>), Redis.lua (Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Daniele
Alessandri), resolve-1.1.7 (No copyright found), resumer- (Copyright not
found), s3_v2_singer.go (Copyright (c) 2013 Damien Le Berrigaud and Nick
Wade), set.go (Copyright (c) 2013 Ralph Caraveo (deckarep@gmail.com)),
setuptools (Python) (Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs
<jaraco@jaraco.com>), stack-chain- (Copyright (c) 2012 Andreas Madsen),
stack-trace- (Copyright (c) 2011 Felix GeisendÃƒÂ¶rfer
(felix@debuggable.com)), string.prototype.trim- (Copyright (c) 2015
Jordan Harband), strong-error-handler-2.3.2 (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2016 2017. All Rights Reserved.), strong-soap-1.9.0 (Copyright (c) IBM
Corp. 2016. All Rights Reserved.), swagger-ui.js (Copyright 2005, 2014
jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other contributors), textwrap.dedent (No
copyright found), uritmplates (Copyright (c) 2013 Joshua Tacoma),
urllib3 (python) (Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov and contributors),
winston-3.0.0-rc6 (Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie Robbins), wscat (Node)
(Copyright(c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>), yaml.v2
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), attrs 18.1.0 (No copyright found), 
lcms2 (Copyright (c) 1998-2011 Marti Maria Saguer), libxdmcp
(Copyright 1988, 1993, 1994, 1998  The Open Group), libxml2
(Copyright (C) 1998-2012 Daniel Veillard), @kyleshockey/object-assign-deep( Collaborator:kyleshockey ),
@newrelic/native-metrics( Copyright (c) 2016 New Relic  Inc.  All ),
@tyriar/fibonacci-heap( Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Imms  http://www.growingwiththeweb.com ),
async-hook-jl( Copyright (c) 2015 Andreas Madsen ),buffer-alloc( Contributors: LinusU, mafintosh and sindresorhus ),
buffer-alloc-unsafe(Contributors: LinusU and sindresorhus), buffer-fill(Contributors: LinusU and sindresorhus),
buffer-from(Copyright (c) 2016, 2018 Linus UnnebÃ¤ck), coffeescript( Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas ),
colornames(Collaborator:Timoxley), colorspace(Copyright (c) 2015 Arnout Kazemier  Martijn Swaagman  the Contributors.),
diagnostics(Copyright (c) 2015 Arnout Kazemier  Martijn Swaagman  the Contributors.), enabled( Copyright (c) 2015 Arnout Kazemier  Martijn Swaagman  the Contributors.), env-variable( Contributor:Rasmus Porsager ),
es-abstract(Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan Harband), fecha(Copyright (c) 2015 Taylor Hakes),
fs-constants( Copyright (c) 2018 Mathias Buus ),growl(Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua Boy Nicolai Appelman <joshua@jbna.nl>),grunt-exec(Original Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Jake HardingCopyright (c) 2016 grunt-exec),
grunt-legacy-log(Copyright (c) 2018 ""Cowboy"" Ben Alman), grunt-legacy-log-utils(Copyright (c) 2016 "Cowboy" Ben Alman),
grunt-legacy-util( Copyright (c) 2016 ""Cowboy"" Ben Alman ), grunt-cli( Copyright (c) 2016 Tyler Kellen, contributors )
kuler(Contributor:Arnout Kazemier),logform(Copyright (c) 2017 Charlie Robbins & the Contributors.),
mock-req(Copyright (c) 2014 diachedelic),module-not-found-error( Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)),
net(Copyright 2011 Sleepless Software Inc. All rights reserved.),node-mocks-http( Copyright (c) 2012-2014  Howard Abrams and other collaborators ),object-inspect(Contributor:James Halliday),one-time( Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.),
proxyquire(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),tape( Contributor:James Halliday ),text-hex(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Arnout Kazemier),
to-buffer(Copyright (c) 2016 Mathias Buus),triple-beam( Copyright (c) 2017 winstonjs ),winston-transport( Copyright (c) 2015 Charlie Robbins & the contributors.),eventsource(Copyright (c) 2012  2013  2014 Aslak HellesÃƒÂ¸y),cssstyle(Copyright (c) Chad Walker),
cssom( Copyright (c) Nikita Vasilyev ),nwmatcher(Copyright (c) 2007-2018 Diego Perini (http://www.iport.it)),
querystringify(Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.), original( Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.),requires-port( Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier   the Contributors.),
ultron( Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier   the Contributors. ),
url-parse( Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier the Contributors. ),xmlhttprequest(  Copyright (c) 2010 passive.ly LLC ),
safer-buffer( Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda <chalkerx@gmail.com> ),
@ladjs/time-require(Copyright (c) 2014 Jaguard),@slack/client(Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Slack Technologies  Inc.),@types/form-data(Copyright (c)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),accept-language(Copyright
(c) 2014 Tingan Ho),amp(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 amphp Copyright (c) 2016
PHP Asynchronous Interoperability Group),amphp-process(Copyright (c)
2017 amphp),angular-animate(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-aria(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-material-fabTrigger("Copyright (c)2016
Google),angular-material-textField(Copyright (c) 2018 Google
LLC.),angular-messages(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-resource(Copyright (c) 2016
Angular),angular-ui(Copyright (c) 2017
Buildium),angular-ui-bootstrap(Copyright (c) 2012-2017 the AngularUI
Team 
https://github.com/organizations/angular-ui/teams/291112),angular-ui-val
idate*(Copyright (c) 2015 AngularUI),anuglar-ui-ace("Copyright (c) 2012
the AngularUI Team),atob(Copyright (c) 2015 AJ ONeal),bcp47(Copyright
(c) 2015 Gabriel Llamas),better-reflection("Copyright (c) 2017
Roave),bn.js(Copyright Fedor Indutny  2015.),bootstrap-css(Copyright not
found),bootstrap-css-example(Copyright not found),box(Copyright (c) 2013
Kevin Herrera),buffer-from("Copyright (c) 2016),byte-stream(Copyright
(c) 2016-2017 amphp),ca-bundle(Copyright (C) 2016
Composer),cacheable-request(Copyright (c) 2017 Luke
Childs),chai-things(Copyright (c) 2013 Ruben
Verborgh),cidr-regex(Copyright not found),cldrjs(Copyright (c) Rafael
Xavier de Souza http://rafael.xavier.blog.br),client("Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Slack Technologies),cli-prompt(Copyright (c) 2015 Jordi
Boggiano),cli-table2(Copyright (c) 2014 James Talmage Copyright (c) 2010
LearnBoost),clone-response(Copyright (c) 2017 Luke
Childs),closure(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 The Opis
Project),columnize(Copyright (c) 2016 Ryan Uber),composer("Copyright (c)
Nils Adermann),compressible(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah Senkpiel
<fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),compression(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),core-utils-is(Copyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.),cross-fetch-polyfill(Copyright (c)
2017 Leonardo QuixadÃ¡),decompress-response(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus),deep(Copyright not found),deep-copy(Copyright (c) 2013 My
C-Sense),define-properties(Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan
Harband),delay(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus),diskv(Copyright (c)
2011-2012 Peter Bourgon),drange(Copyright (c) 2014 David
Tudury),ecstatic(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Joshua Holbrook and
contributors),es-abstract(Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan
Harband),escape-latex(Copyright (c) 2012 Dang
Mai),es-to-primitive(Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan
Harband),eventemitter3(Copyright (c) 2014 Arnout
Kazemier),exit("Copyright (c) 2013 """"Cowboy"""" Ben
Alman"),fill-keys(Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)),finity(Copyright (c) 2015-present Nick
Uraltsev),foreach(Copyright (c) 2013 Manuel Stofer),for-each(Copyright
(c) 2012 Raynos.),function-name-support(Copyright (c) 2017 Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Juriy
Zaytsev),gastonjs(Copyright (c) 2015 Juan Francisco CalderÃ³n
Zumba),getobject("Copyright (c) 2013 """"Cowboy"""" Ben
Alman"),globalize(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors),go.uuid(Copyright (C) 2013-2018 by Maxim Bublis
<b@codemonkey.ru>),go-homedir(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell
Hashimoto),golang-dep(Copyright (c) 2014 The Go Authors. All rights
reserved.),go-md2man(Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff),gorm(Copyright (c)
2013-NOW  Jinzhu <wosmvp@gmail.com>),go-strftime(Copyright (c) 2012
Jehiah Czebotar),gotool(Copyright (c) 2013 Kamil Kisiel
<kamil@kamilkisiel.net>),go-winio(Copyright (c) 2015
Microsoft),graphql-php("Copyright (c)
2015-present),gregjones-httpcache(Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones
(greg.jones@gmail.com)),growl(Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk
Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua Boy Nicolai Appelman),grunt(Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors 
https://jquery.org/),grunt-known-options(Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors  https://jquery.org/),has-symbol-support-x(Copyright
(c) 2015-present Graham Fairweather.),has-to-string-tag-x(Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Graham Fairweather.),hooker(Copyright not
found),httpfs(Copyright not found),http-proxy(Copyright (c) 2010-2016
Charlie Robbins  Jarrett Cruger & the
Contributors.),humbug_get_contents("Copyright (c)
2015),immediate(Copyright (c) 2012 Barnesandnoble.com  llc  Donavon West
Domenic Denicola  Brian Cavalier),import-local(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),into-stream(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),is-callable(Copyright (c)
2015 Jordan Harband),is-cidr(Â© [Felipe
Apostol](https://github.com/flipjs)),is-date-object(Copyright (c) 2015
Jordan Harband),is-my-ip-valid(Copyright (c) 2018 Linus
UnnebÃ¤ck),is-object(Copyright (c) 2013 Colingo.),is-regex(Copyright (c)
2014 Jordan Harband),is-symbol(Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan
Harband),isurl(Copyright (c) 2017 Steven
Vachon),jquery-bar-rating(Copyright Kazik Pietruszewski
<http://antenna.io/>),json3(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Kit
Cambridge.),json-editor*(Copyright (c) 2013 Jeremy
Dorn),json-iterator-go(Copyright (c) 2016
json-iterator),jsonlint(Copyright (c) 2011 Jordi
Boggiano),json-promise(Copyright (c) 2014
kirk7880),json-schema-generator(Copyright (c) 2014
krg7880),just-extend(Copyright (c) 2016 angus croll),keyv(Copyright (c)
2017 Luke Childs),libc6-compat(No copryright found),lie(Copyright (c)
2014 Calvin Metcalf),linkify-it*(Copyright (c) 2015 Vitaly
Puzrin.),lodash._basecreate(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation),lodash.create(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation),loglevel(Copyright (c) 2013 Tim
Perry),make-iterator(Copyright (c) 2014-2018  Jon
Schlinkert.),md5-o-matic(Copyright (c) 2014 Trent
Millar),meant(Copyright (c) 2016 DaijirÃ…?
Wachi),mimic-response(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus),minizlib(Copyright
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),mink-phantomjs-driver(Copyright (c)
2015 Juan Francisco CalderÃ³n Zumba),mocha(Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JS
Foundation and contributors 
https://js.foundation),network-address(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus),ng-annotate(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Olov Lassus),node(Copyright
(c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.),nodesecurity-npm-utils(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),oauth2-client(Copyright (c)
2013-2018 Alex Bilbie <hello@alexbilbie.com>),object.entries(Copyright
(c) 2015 Jordan Harband),object.getownpropertydescriptors(Copyright (c)
2015 Jordan Harband),object.map(Copyright (c) 2014-2017  Jon Schlinkert 
contributors.),object.values(Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan
Harband),object-keys(Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan
Harband),ordered-ast-traverse(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>),ordered-esprima-props(Copyright (c) 2014 Olov
Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>),package-versions(Copyright (c) 2016
Marco Pivetta),parallel(Copyright (c) 2015-2017
amphp),parallel-functions(Copyright (c) 2017 amphp),parse-ms(Â© [Sindre
Sorhus](http://sindresorhus.com)),parser(Copyright (c) 2017
amphp),p-cancelable(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),p-defer(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),phar-utils(Copyright (c)
2015 Jordi Boggiano),php-scoper("Copyright (c) 2017 Bernhard Schussek
(pre-2017)),phpseclib(Copyright 2007-2016 TerraFrost and other
contributors),phpunit-bridge(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Fabien
Potencier),p-is-promise(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),polyfill-ctype(Copyright
(c) 2018 Fabien Potencier),polyfill-php70(Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Fabien
Potencier),polyfill-php72(Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Fabien
Potencier),posix-character-classes(Copyright (c) 2016-2017  Jon
Schlinkert),p-queue(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),p-retry(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),pretty-data(Copyright
(c)Vadim Kiryukhin),propagate(Copyright (c) 2015 Pedro
Teixeira),properties-reader(Copyright (c) 2013 Steve
King),proxy-from-env(No copyright found),p-timeout(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)),redis-commands(Copyright (c) 2015
NodeRedis),regexpp(Copyright (c) 2018 Toru
Nagashima),responselike(Copyright (c) 2017 Luke
Childs),resumer(Copyright not found),safe-json-stringify(Copyright (c)
2014-2017 [Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)),safer-buffer(Copyright (c)
2018 Nikita Skovoroda),safe-regex(No copyright
found),serialize-error(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),signature("Copyright (c)
2017 Roave),snaker(Copyright (c) 2015 Serenize UG
(haftungsbeschrÃ¤nkt)),spdx-licenses(Copyright (C) 2015
Composer),stack-chain(Copyright (c) 2012 Andreas
Madsen),string.prototype.trim(Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan
Harband),supertap(Copyright (c) Vadim Demedes <vdemedes@gmail.com>
(github.com/vadimdemedes)),sync(Copyright (c) 2015-2017
amphp),tarn(Copyright (c) 2015 Vincit Oy),tcp-ping(Copyright (c) 2014
Adam Paszke),time-zone(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),trim-off-newlines(Copyright
(c) Steve Mao <maochenyan@gmail.com>
(github.com/stevemao)),typed-function(Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Jos de
Jong),ultron(Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io  Arnout Kazemier   the
Contributors.),url-join(Copyright (c) 2015 JosÃ© F.
Romaniello),url-to-options(Copyright (c) 2017 Steven
Vachon),visionmedia-debug(Copyright (c) 2014 TJ
Holowaychuk),webpack-sources(Copyright (c) 2017 JS Foundation and other
contributors),xdebug-handler(Copyright (c) 2017
Composer),xmlhttprequest(Copyright (c) 2010 passive.ly
LLC),zxcvbn-php(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Benjamin Jeavons),
(Ruby Gems) http_parser.rb (Copyright 2009,2010 Marc-AndrÃ© Cournoyer
Copyright 2010,2011 Aman Gupta), .ycm_extra_conf.py (Copyright (c) 2017,
Uber Technologies, Inc), @elastic/filesaver 1.1.2 (Copyright Â© 2015 Eli
Grey), @elastic/numeral 2.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2012 Adam Draper),
@elastic/ui-ace 0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Spencer Spalger),
@kyleshockey/js-yaml (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin),
@kyleshockey/js-yaml 1.0.1 (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin),
@kyleshockey/object-assign-deep (Collaborators: kyleshockey),
@mrmlnc/readdir-enhanced 2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 James Messinger),
@nodelib/fs.stat 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Denis Malinochkin), @slack/client
4.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Slack Technologies Inc.), @types/node
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.), @types/ws
5.1.2 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@tyriar/fibonacci-heap (Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Imms
http://www.growingwiththeweb.com), \fBLuaJIT\fR (Not Found), acorn
(Copyright (C) 2012-2018 by various contributors (see AUTHORS)),
agent-base (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich), ajv (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), ajv-keywords (Copyright (c) 2016 Evgeny
Poberezkin), angular (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Clinkinbeard),
angular-animate (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), angular-aria (Copyright
(c) 2016 Angular), angular-material (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Google Inc.
http://angularjs.org), angular-messages (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
angular-resource (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), angular-sanitize
(Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), angular-translate (Copyright (c) 2013-2017
The angular-translate team and Pascal Precht), ANGularJS (Copyright (c)
2010-2016 Google), Animal-sniffer (Copyright (c) 2009, codehaus.org),
animal-sniffer-annotations (No copyright), ansi-escapes (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus), ansi-styles (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), any-promise
(Copyright (C) 2014-2016 Kevin Beaty), armon/go-radix (Copyright (c)
2014 Armon Dadgar), asn1 (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage All rights
reserved.), async (Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Caolan McMahon), atob
(Copyright (c) 2015 AJ ONeal), auto-bind (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), autobind-decorator
(Copyright (c) 2017 Andrey Popp), aws4 (Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), babel-core (Copyright ? Sebastian
McKenzie), babel-helper-builder-react-jsx (No Copyright Found),
babel-helper-define-map (No Copyright Found), babel-helper-regex (No
Copyright Found), babel-plugin-transform-es2015-block-scoping (No
Copyright Found), babel-plugin-transform-es2015-modules-commonjs (No
Copyright Found), babel-plugin-transform-regenerator (Copyright ? Ben
Newman), Backbone.js 1.2.3 ((c) 2010-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
and Investigative Reporters & Editors), backports (Copyright (c) 2009
Marc-Andre Lafortune), base64-js (Copyright (c) 2014 T. Jameson Little),
beorn7/perks (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), beorn7/perks/quantile
3a771d9 (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), big.js (Copyright (c) 2012
Michael Mclaughlin), bl (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 bl contributors),
bluebird (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Petka Antonov), bluebird-retry
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jut inc.), bluebird-retry 0.11.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Jut inc.), body-parser (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong and Copyright
(c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), boltdb/bolt (Copyright (c)
2013 Ben Johnson), boltdb/bolt: dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben
Johnson), bootstrap (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Twitter Inc.Copyright (c)
2011-2018 The Bootstrap Authors), bootstrap-3.3.1 (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 Twitter, Inc.), bootstrap-datetimepicker (Copyright (c) 2015
Jonathan Peterson), boxen (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), brace (Copyright 2013
Thorsten Lorenz.), buffer (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh and other
contributors.), Buffer function: msgpack5 4.2.0 (Copyright Joyent, Inc.
and other Node contributors), Buffer function: z-schema 3.22.0
(Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors), buffer module from
node.js (No copyright found), buffer module from node.js: msgpack5 4.2.0
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh, and other contributors), buffer-from
(Copyright (c) 2016 2018 Linus UnnebÃ¤ck), byline (Copyright (C)
2011-2015 John Hewson), cardinal (Copyright 2012 Thorsten Lorenz.),
chalk (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), change-emitter (Copyright ? Andrew Clark),
childprocess (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jari Bakken), chokidar (Copyright
(c) 2016 Paul Miller (http://paulmillr.com) & Elan Shanker), ci-info
(Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), circular-json (Copyright
(C) 2013-2017 by Andrea Giammarchi - @WebReflection), clap (Copyright
(C) 2014-2016 by Roman Dvornov), classnames (Copyright (c) 2017 Jed
Watson), classnames: unleash-frontend 3.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Jed
Watson), CLDR (Copyright 2013 Rafael Xavier de Souza), cldrjs (Copyright
(c) Rafael Xavier de Souza http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), cli-cursor
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), codec (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji
Nwoke), codec/0doc.go (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke. All rights
reserved.), color (Copyright (c) 2012 Heather Arthur), color-convert
(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>),
color-name (Copyright (c) 2015 Dmitry Ivanov), color-string (Copyright
(c) 2011 Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>), colornames 1.1.1
(Copyright (c) 2015 Tim Oxley), colors (Copyright (c) Marak Squires &
Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), colorspace 1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015
Arnout Kazemier Martijn Swaagman the Contributors.), commander
(Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
commonmark-react-renderer 4.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Espen Hovlandsdal),
composer-installers-extender (Copyright (c) Stephen Beemsterboer),
composer-merge-plugin (Copyright (c) 2015 Bryan Davis, Wikimedia
Foundation, and contributors), composer/installers 1.5.0 (Copyright (c)
2012 Kyle Robinson Young), composer/semver 1.4.2 (Copyright (C) 2015
Composer), compressible (Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah Senkpiel
<fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), compression (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), concat-stream (No
copyright found), cookiejar (Copyright (c) 2013 Bradley Meck), core-js
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Denis Pushkarev), cosmiconfig 2.2.2 (Copyright
(c) 2015 David Clark), crc (Copyright 2014 Alex Gorbatchev),
create-react-class (Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), Cropper
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Fengyuan Chen and contributors), cross-spawn
(Copyright (c) 2018 Made With MOXY Lda <hello@moxy.studio>),
crossdock/server.cpp (Copyright (c) 2017-2018 Uber Technologies, Inc.),
Crypto-JS 3.1.2: hawk 7.0.7 (Copyright (c) 2009-2013, Jeff Mott. All
rights reserved.), dashdash (Copyright (c) 2013 Trent Mick & Copyright
(c) 2013 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), data/prototype.js (Copyright
(c) 2005-2007 Sam Stephenson), dateformat (Copyright (c) 2007-2009
Steven Levithan), db-migrate (Copyright (c) 2015 Tobias Gurtzick;
Copyright (c) 2013 Jeff Kunkle), debug (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), decamelize (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), deep-diff
(Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Phillip Clark), deep-equal (Copyright ? James
Halliday), deep-extend (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Viacheslav Lotsmanov),
deepcopy (Copyright (c) 2013 My C-Sense), deepmerge (Copyright (c) 2012
Nicholas Fisher), define-properties (Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan Harband),
diagnostics 1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Arnout Kazemier Martijn Swaagman
the Contributors.), dir-glob (Copyright (c) Kevin M?rtensson), dnd-core
(Copyright (c) 2015 Dan Abramov), docopt (Copyright (c) 2012 Vladimir
Keleshev <vladimir@keleshev.com>), doctrine/annotations 1.2.0 (Copyright
(c) 2006-2013 Doctrine Project), domain-browser (Copyright ? 2013 Bevry
Pty Ltd), domready ((c) Dustin Diaz 2014), dot-prop (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus), dotenv (Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon Keepers), downshift
(Copyright (c) 2017 PayPal), drange 1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014 David
Tudury), easyjson (Copyright (c) 2016 Mail.Ru Group), ecc-jsbn
(Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu & Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremie Miller),
elliptic (Copyright Fedor Indutny 2014.), email-validator (Copyright (c)
2013 Eduardo Gulias Davis), embeds.js (Copyright (c) 2014 Ritesh Kumar),
emoticons-js v1.0.0 (No Copyright Found), errno (Copyright (c) 2012-2015
Rod Vagg), error-ex (Copyright (c) 2015 JD Ballard), es6-promise
(Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda Katz Tom Dale Stefan Penner and
contributors), escape-html library (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ
Holowaychuk Copyright (c) 2015 Andreas Lubbe Copyright (c) 2015
Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu), escape-latex (Copyright (c) 2012 Dang Mai),
eslint (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), espurify
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Takuto Wada
https://github.com/estools/espurify), event-manager (Copyright (c)
2006-2015 Doctrine Project), EventEmitter 4.2.7 (Copyright (c) Oliver
Caldwell), expect-ct (Copyright (c) 2017 2018 Evan Hahn),
express-async-handler (Author: Alex Bazhenov), express-validator
(Copyright (c) 2010 Chris O'Hara <cohara87@gmail.com>), extend
(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), fast-deep-equal (Copyright (c) 2017
Evgeny Poberezkin), fast-glob 2.2.2 (Copyright (c) Denis Malinochkin),
fast-json-patch (Copyright (c) 2013 2014 Joachim Wester),
fast-safe-stringify (Copyright (c) 2016 David Mark Clements & Copyright
(c) 2017 David Mark Clements & Matteo Collina & Copyright (c) 2018 David
Mark Clements Matteo Collina & Ruben Bridgewater), fbjs (Copyright (c)
2013-present Facebook Inc.), fd-slicer (Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew
Kelley), fill-range (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Jon Schlinkert.), find-up
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), flatpickr (Copyright (c) 2017 Gregory Petrosyan),
follow-redirects (Copyright 2017 Olivier Lalonde <olalonde@gmail.com>
James Talmage <james@talmage.io> Ruben Verborgh), form-data (Copyright
(c) 2012 Felix GeisendÃ¶rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),
fs-extra (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JP Richardson), fs-readdir-recursive
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), fuzzy.js
(Copyright (c) 2012 Matt York), generator-loopback (Copyright (c) IBM
Corp. 2014 2017. All Rights Reserved.), gh-got 6.0.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
ghodss/yaml/LICENSE (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), github-username
4.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), global-dirs (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), globalize (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), globalize-compiler 1.0.0 (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), globals
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), globby (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), go-radix: dep 0.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Armon Dadgar), go-restful (Copyright (c) 2012,2013
Ernest Micklei), go-stack (Copyright (c) 2014 Chris Hines), got
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), goyacc (Copyright Â© 1994-1999 Lucent Technologies
Inc. All rights reserved. Portions Copyright Â© 1995-1997 C H Forsyth
(forsyth@terzarima.net) Portions Copyright Â© 1997-1999 Vita Nuova
Limited Portions Copyright Â© 2000-2007 Vita Nuova Holdings Limited
(www.vitanuova.com) Portions Copyright Â© 2004,2006 Bruce Ellis Portions
Copyright Â© 2005-2007 C H Forsyth (forsyth@terzarima.net) Revisions
Copyright Â© 2000-2007 Lucent Technologies Inc. and others Portions
Copyright Â© 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.), growl (Copyright
(c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua
Boy Nicolai Appelman <joshua@jbna.nl>), guzzle 6.3.0 (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 Michael Dowling, https://github.com/mtdowling
<mtdowling@gmail.com>), guzzle promises 1.3.1 (Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Michael Dowling, https://github.com/mtdowling <mtdowling@gmail.com>),
guzzle psr7 1.4.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Michael Dowling,
https://github.com/mtdowling <mtdowling@gmail.com>), handlebars
(Copyright (C) 2011-2017 by Yehuda Katz), has (Copyright (c) 2013 Thiago
de Arruda), hash.js (Copyright Fedor Indutny 2014.), helmet (Copyright
(c) 2012-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-crossdomain (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-crossdomain 0.3.0 (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), helmet-csp (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), history (Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Michael Jackson), hoist-non-react-statics: react-dnd 5.0.0 (Copyright
2015 Yahoo! Inc), hoverIntent 1.8.1 (Copyright 2007, 2014 Brian Cherne),
html-dom-parser (Copyright (c) 2016 Menglin "Mark" Xu
<mark@remarkablemark.org>), html-react-parser (Copyright (c) 2016
Menglin "Mark" Xu <mark@remarkablemark.org>), html-react-parser.js
(Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), HTML5 Shiv 3.7.3
(Copyright (c) 2014 Alexander Farkas (aFarkas)), html5-php 2.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 The Authors of HTML5-PHP. Matt Butcher -
mattbutcher@google.com, Matt Farina - matt@mattfarina.com, Asmir
Mustafic â€“ goetas@gmail.com), htmlparser2 (Copyright 2010 2011 Chris
Winberry <chris@winberry.net>. All rights reserved.), http_parser
(Copyright Igor Sysoev), http_parser-java (Copyright 2010 Tim Becker),
httpntlm (Copyright (c) 2013 Sam), https-proxy-agent (Copyright (c) 2013
Nathan Rajlich), iconv-lite (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin),
ignore (Copyright (c) 2013 Kael Zhang), inquirer (Copyright (c) 2016
Simon Boudrias (twitter: [@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))),
install (Copyright (c) 2015 Benjamin Newman <ben@benjamn.com>),
invariant: react-dnd 5.0.0 (Copyright 2013-present, Facebook, Inc),
ipaddr.js (Copyright (C) 2011-2017 whitequark), is-arrayish (Copyright
(c) 2015 JD Ballard), is-callable (Copyright (c) 2015 Jordan Harband),
is-ci (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen),
is-fullwidth-code-point (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), is-glob
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), is-installed-globally
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-my-json-valid (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
is-wsl 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), isarray (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber),
isbinaryfile (Copyright (c) 2017 Garen J. Torikian), jar-dependencies
(Copyright (c) 2014 Christian Meier), jasmine v1.1.0 (Copyright (c)
2008-2011 Pivotal Labs), JavaScript-MD5: uuid 3.3.2 (Copyright 2011,
Sebastian Tschan https://blueimp.net), jayson (Copyright (c) 2011-2012
Tedde Lundgren <mail@tedeh.net>), jetty-util (Copyright 1996 Aki
Yoshida, modified April 2001 by Iris Van den Broeke, Daniel Deville.),
jmank88/nuts (Copyright (c) 2017 Jordan Krage), jmoiron/jsonq (Copyright
(c) 2012, Jason Moiron), jQuery (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), jquery 1.8.2 (No copyright found), jQuery 3.2.1
(Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), jQuery BBQ: Back
Button & Query Library - v1.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman),
jQuery Form 3.51.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 M. Alsup), jQuery hashchange
event - v1.2 (Copyright (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman), jQuery Joyride 2.1
(Copyright 2013, ZURB), jQuery Once 2.2.0 (Copyright Â© 2016 Rob Loach),
jQuery UI - v1.10.2 (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), jQuery UI 1.12.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors, https://jquery.org/.), jQuery UI core: unleash-frontend
3.1.1 (Copyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other contributors
http://jqueryui.com), jQuery UI Touch Punch 0.2.3 (Copyright 2011â€“2014,
Dave Furfero), jQuery v1.8.0 (Not Found), jQuery v1.8.2 (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors), jQuery Wiggle (Copyright (c)
WonderGroup, Jordan Thomas), jquery-hoverintent (Copyright 2007-2017
Brian Cherne), jQuery-treeview (Copyright (c) 2007 JÃ¶rn Zaefferer),
jquery.cycle.all.js (Copyright (c) 2007-2013 M. Alsup),
jquery.cycle.all.js v2.73 (Copyright (c) 2007-2013 M. Alsup),
jquery.hotkeys.js (Copyright 2010, John Resig), jQuery.selection
(Copyright (c) 2010-2014 IWASAKI Koji (@madapaja).),
jquery.treeview.edit.js (Copyright JÃ¶rn Zaefferer), js-yaml (Copyright
(C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), json-formatter-js (No copyright found),
json-iterator (Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator),
json-parse-better-errors 1.0.2 (Copyright 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n), json-refs
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremy Whitlock), json-schema-ref-parser (Copyright
(c) 2015 James Messinger), json-schema-traverse (Copyright (c) 2017
Evgeny Poberezkin), JsonpCallbackValidator 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2013
William Durand <william.durand1@gmail.com>), JsonpCallbackValidator
v1.1.0 (Copyright (c) William Durand), jsonschema (Copyright (c) 2012
Julian Berman), JSONStream (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), jsonwebtoken (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc.), jwa
(Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), jws (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J.
Brennan), jwt-go (Copyright (c) 2012 Dave Grijalva), keygrip (Copyright
(c) 2011-2014 Jed Schmidt <where@jed.is> (http://jedschmidt.com)), knex
(Copyright (c) 2013-present Tim Griesser), koa-is-json (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), kuler 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2018
Arnout Kazemier), libyaml (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), Libyaml:
dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), libyaml: yaml.v2 9ff6af2
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), load-json-file (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), locate-path
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), lockfile (Copyright (c) 2012 Ingo Oeser), lodash
(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation), lodash.curry (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash:
z-schema 3.22.0 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>.), logfmt (Copyright (C) 2013 Keith Rarick, Blake
Mizerany), logform 1.9.1 (Copyright (c) 2017 Charlie Robbins & the
Contributors.), logstash-mixin-rabbitmq_connection (Ruby Gem) (No
copyright found), loopback (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2016. All
Rights Reserved.), loopback-boot (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All
Rights Reserved.), loopback-component-explorer (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2013;2017. All Rights Reserved.), loopback-connector (Copyright (c) IBM
Corp. 2014 2017. All Rights Reserved.), loopback-connector-mongodb
1.17.0 (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2012 2016. All Rights Reserved.),
loopback-connector-remote (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2018. All Rights
Reserved.), loopback-datasource-juggler (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2011;2017. All Rights Reserved.), loopback-filters 1.0.0 (Copyright (c)
IBM Corp. 2015 2017. All Rights Reserved.), loopback-phase (Copyright
(c) IBM Corp. 2014;2017.), loopback-swagger (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2014;2017. All Rights Reserved.), loopback-workspace (Copyright (c) IBM
Corp. 2013;2017.), loose-envify (Copyright (c) 2015 Andres Suarez
<zertosh@gmail.com>), Lua 5.1.5 (Copyright (C) 1994-2012 Lua.org,
PUC-Rio.), luajit2 (Copyright (C) 2005-2017 Mike Pall.), macaddress
(Copyright (c) 2018 Julian Fleischer), mailru/easyjson (Copyright (c)
2016 Mail.Ru Group), make-dir (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), march_hare (Ruby Gem)
(Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Theo Hultberg and Copyright (c) 2013-2017
Michael S. Klishin and contributors), markdown-it (Copyright (c) 2014
Vitaly Puzrin Alex Kocharin.), marked (Copyright (c) 2011-2014,
Christopher Jeffrey.), Masterminds/semver (Copyright (C) 2014-2015, Matt
Butcher and Matt Farina), Masterminds/vcs (Copyright (C) 2014-2015, Matt
Butcher and Matt Farina), Masterminds: dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (C)
2014-2015, Matt Butcher and Matt Farina), matcher (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), math-random
(Copyright ? Michael Rhodes), mem-fs-editor 4.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2013
Simon Boudrias), merge2 1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Teambition), mime
(Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer), mime-db (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), mime-types (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), mimic-response (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), minizlib
(Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors & Copyright Node.js
contributors), MinkBrowserKitDriver (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Konstantin
Kudryashov), mocha (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 JS Foundation and
contributors https://js.foundation), Modernizr 3.0.0pre (Custom Build)
(No copyright found), moduleloader (Copyright (c) 2016 Guy Bedford, Luke
Hoban, Addy Osmani), moment (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), moment.js (No Copyright Statement), msgpack5 (Copyright
(c) 2014 Matteo Collina), msgpack5 4.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Matteo
Collina), multer (Copyright (c) 2014 Hage Yaapa), multi_json (Required),
mustache (Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Wanstrath (Ruby)Copyright (c)
2010-2014 Jan Lehnardt (JavaScript)Copyright (c) 2010-2015 The
mustache.js community), mysql2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Andrey Sidorov
(sidorares@yandex.ru) and contributors), nanoid (Copyright 2017 Andrey
Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru>), nanoid 1.2.1 (Copyright 2017 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>), nanomatch (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Jon
Schlinkert.), narlwhal.js: msgpack5 4.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas
Robinson <280north.com>), narlwhal.js: z-schema 3.22.0 (Copyright (c)
2009 Thomas Robinson <280north.com>), narwhal.js: msgpack5 4.2.0
(Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Robinson <280north.com>),
natefinch/lumberjack.v2 (Copyright (c) 2014 Nate Finch), nconf
(Copyright (C) 2011 Charlie Robbins and the Contributors.), needle
(Copyright (c) Fork Ltd.), NGINX (copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), nice-try 1.0.4 (Copyright (c) 2017
Tobias Reich), nightlyone/lockfile (Copyright (c) 2012 Ingo Oeser),
nightlyone/lockfile: dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Ingo Oeser), nock
(Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Pedro Teixeira and other contributors), node.js
buffer module: msgpack5 4.2.0 (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node
contributors), nodemailer (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Andris Reinman),
nokogiri-1.8.2 (Copyright (c) 2008 - 2011 Aaron Patterson
http://tenderlovemaking.com; Mike Dalessio http://mike.daless.io;
Charles Nutter http://blog.headius.com; Sergio Arbeo
http://www.serabe.com; Patrick Mahoney http://polycrystal.org; Yoko
Harada http://yokolet.blogspot.com), normalize (Copyright Â© Nicolas
Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), normalize.css 3.0.2 (No Copyright
Statement), normalize.css 3.0.3 (Copyright Â© Nicolas Gallagher and
Jonathan Neal), normalize.css v3.0.3 (Not Found), nuts: dep 0.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2017 Jordan Krage), object-assign ((c) Sindre Sorhus),
object-assign: react-modal 3.5.1 ((c) Sindre Sorhus), object-inspect
(Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday), object-keys (Copyright (C) 2013
Jordan Harband), object.omit (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert),
only (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk), ono (Copyright (c) 2015 James
Messinger), opentracing-go (Copyright (c) 2016 The OpenTracing Authors),
opn (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), optimist (Copyright 2010 James Halliday), p-limit
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), p-locate (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-queue 2.4.2 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-retry
2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), p-timeout 1.2.1 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), p-try (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), pacote 7.0.2
(Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n), parse-glob (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon
Schlinkert.), parse-json (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), parseUri v1.2.2 (Copyright
(c) Steven Levithan), path-dirname (Copyright (c) Elan Shanker and
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.), path-loader (Copyright (c)
2015 Jeremy Whitlock), path-parse (Copyright (c) 2015 Javier Blanco),
path-to-regexp (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey), path-type (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), pegjs
(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 David Majda), pelletier/go-toml (Copyright (c)
2013 - 2017 Thomas Pelletier, Eric Anderton), pelletier/go-toml: dep
0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 - 2017 Thomas Pelletier, Eric Anderton), perks
(Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), persistence (Copyright (c)
2006-2015 Doctrine Project), pg (Copyright (c) 2010 - 2018 Brian
Carlson), picturefill 3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015
https://github.com/scottjehl/picturefill/blob/master/Authors.txt),
pinkie (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), pinkie-promise (Copyright (c) Vsevolod
Strukchinsky), pip (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 The pip developers (see
AUTHORS.txt file)), pluralize (Copyright (c) 2013 Blake Embrey),
portfinder (Copyright (c) 2012 Charlie Robbins), postcss (Copyright 2013
Andrey Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru>), postcss-loader (Copyright 2014 Andrey
Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru>), postgres-interval (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), preserve (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Jon Schlinkert.), pretty-ms (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), progress (Copyright (c)
2014 TJ Holowaychuk), prometheus-gc-stats (Copyright (c) 2016 Simen
Bekkhus), prop-types (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
Prototype (Not Required), proxy-addr (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), prr (Copyright 2013 Rod Vagg (the "Original
Author")), psl (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo Montero
<lupomontero@gmail.com>), psr container (Copyright (c) 2013-2016
container-interop Copyright (c) 2016 PHP Framework Interoperability
Group), psr-http-message 1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 PHP Framework
Interoperability Group), psr-log (Copyright (c) 2012 PHP Framework
Interoperability Group), punycode (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), query-string (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), querystring-browser
(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Rasmussen), QUnit (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors), QUnit Extras (Copyright 2011-2015
John-David Dalton <http://allyoucanleet.com/>), QUnit: uri-js 4.2.2
(Copyright (c) 2009 John Resig, JÃ¶rn Zaefferer.), Rack-Cache library
(Copyright Â© 2008 by Ryan Tomayko), rack-protection-1.5.5 (Copyright (c)
2011 Konstantin Haase), raf (Copyright ? Chris Dickinson), Random-Number
Utilities (randutil) (Copyright (c) 2015 Melissa E. O'Neill),
random_compat (Copyright (c) 2015 Paragon Initiative Enterprises),
randomatic (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), rapidjson
(Copyright (C) 2015 THL A29 Limited, a Tencent company, and Milo Yip.
All rights reserved.), raw-body (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), rc (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright
(c) 2013 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), react (Copyright
(c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), react-addons-shallow-compare (Copyright
(c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), react-copy-to-clipboard (Copyright (c)
2016 Nik Butenko), react-dnd (Copyright (c) 2015 Dan Abramov),
react-dnd-html5-backend (Copyright (c) 2015 Dan Abramov), react-dom
(Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), react-dom-core (Copyright
(c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), react-lifecycles-compat (Copyright
(c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), react-modal (Copyright (c) 2017 Ryan
Florence), react-modal.js: react-modal 3.5.1 (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc), react-redux (Copyright (c) 2015-present
Dan Abramov), react-router (Copyright (c) React Training 2016-2018),
react-router-dom (Copyright (c) React Training 2016-2018), reactcss
1.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2015 Case Sandberg), read-pkg (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), read-pkg-up
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), readable-stream (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
("Author")), recompose (Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Andrew Clark), redeyed
2.1.1 (Copyright 2012 Thorsten Lorenz.), redux (Copyright (c)
2015-present Dan Abramov), redux-actions (Copyright (c) Andrew Clark),
redux-thunk (Copyright (c) 2015-present Dan Abramov), reflection
(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), regenerate (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), regex-cache (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Jon Schlinkert.), repeat-element (Copyright (c) 2015-present
Jon Schlinkert.), resolve (No Copyright Found), resolve 1.8.1 (Copyright
(c) James Halliday), resolve-from (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), resolve-pathname
(Copyright ? Michael Jackson), restful (Copyright (c) 2012,2013 Ernest
Micklei), restlet-angular-httpsnippet (Copyright (c) 2015 Restlet
(http://www.restlet.com)), restlet-angular-httpsnippet.js (Copyright
Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.), restore-cursor (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus), retry 0.12.0 (Copyright (c) 2011:), rfdc (Copyright
? David Mark Clements), rfdc 1.1.2 (Copyright (c) David Mark Clements
<david.clements@nearform.com>), run-async (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon
Boudrias), s3crypto (Copyright 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
All Rights Reserved. Copyright (c) 2016 Carl Jackson), safe-buffer
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), safe-json-stringify (Copyright (c)
2014-2017 [Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)), sais: compress 1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2008-2010 Yuta Mori All Rights Reserved), schedule
(Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), sdboyer/constext (Copyright
(c) 2017 Sam Boyer), sdboyer/constext: dep 0.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Sam
Boyer), sequel (Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Sharon Rosner & Copyright ?
2008-2018 Jeremy Evans), shallowequal (Copyright (c) 2017 Alberto Leal
<mailforalberto@gmail.com> (github.com/dashed)), should (Copyright(c)
2010-2013 TJ Holowaychuk & Copyright(c) 2013-2017 Denis Bardadym),
Simple JavaScript Inheritance: db-migrate 0.11.1 (Copyright Â© John Resig
http://ejohn.org/), sirupsen/logrus (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon
Eskildsen), Sizzle CSS Selector Engine 2.3.3 (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors), slice-ansi (Copyright (c) 2015 DC),
slugify 1.3.1 (Copyright (c) Simeon Velichkov
<simeonvelichkov@gmail.com>), snappy (Required), soap (Copyright (C)
2013 Vinay Pulim), source-map-resolve (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017
Simon Lydell), source-map-support (Copyright (c) 2014 Evan Wallace), sse
(Copyright (c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;),
sshpk (Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), stack-cors
(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Alexander <iam.asm89@gmail.com>), stack/builder
1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 Igor Wiedler), stretchr/testify (Copyright (c)
2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), stretchr/testify/LICENSEl
(Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), stringstream
(Copyright (c) 2012 Michael Hart (michael.hart.au@gmail.com)),
strip-json-comments (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus), strong-error-handler
(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016 2017. All Rights Reserved.), strong-soap
1.12.1 (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016. All Rights Reserved.),
style-to-object (Copyright (c) 2017 Menglin "Mark" Xu
<mark@remarkablemark.org>), superagent (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), supports-color (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), swagger (Copyright
(c) 2012,2013 Ernest Micklei), swagger-jsdoc (Copyright (c) 2013 Fliptoo
<fliptoo.studio@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 devlouOther
LicenseCopyright (c) 2015 Surnet), symbol-observable (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c)
Ben Lesh <ben@benlesh.com>), Symfony (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Fabien
Potencier), symfony-cmf/routing 1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Symfony
CMF), symfony/class-loader 3.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2004-2018 Fabien
Potencier), tape (Copyright ? James Halliday), term-size (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
testutil/testing.go (Copyright (c) 2014 Ben Johnson), tether (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 HubSpot Inc.), text-hex 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Arnout Kazemier <opensource@3rd-Eden.com>), timeparse.py: docker-compose
1.16.1 ((c) Will Roberts <wildwilhelm@gmail.com> 1 February, 2014), tini
(Copyright (c) 2015 Thomas Orozco), Treeview 1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2007
JÃ¶rn Zaefferer), Twitter-API-PHP (Copyright (c) 2013 James Mallison),
twitter-widgets (Node) (Copyright (c) 2015 Alexander Prinzhorn),
tzinfo-1.2.5 (Copyright (c) 2005-2018 Philip Ross), tzinfo-data
(Copyright (c) 2005-2018 Philip Ross), ua-parser-js (Copyright ?
2012-2016 Faisal Salman <<fyzlman@gmail.com>>), underscore (Copyright
(c) 2009-2018 Jeremy Ashkenas DocumentCloud and Investigative),
underscore.js (Copyright (c) 2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud
and Investigative Reporters & Editors), Underscore.js 1.8.3 ((c)
2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters &
Editors.), Underscore.js 1.8.3: z-schema 3.22.0 (Copyright Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
underscore.string (Copyright (c) 2011 Esa-Matti Suuronen
esa-matti@suuronen.org), universal-analytics (Copyright (c) 2017 Peaks &
Pies GmbH &lt;hello@peaksandpies.com&gt;), universalify (Copyright (c)
2017 Ryan Zimmerman <opensrc@ryanzim.com>), untildify (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), upath
(Copyright(c) 2014-2017 Angelos Pikoulas (agelos.pikoulas@gmail.com)),
uritemplates (Copyright (c) 2013 Joshua Tacoma), use (Copyright (c)
2015-present Jon Schlinkert.), util (Copyright Joyent Inc. and other
Node contributors. All rights reserved.), uuid (Copyright (c) 2010-2016
Robert Kieffer and other contributors), uuid 3.3.2 (Copyright (c)
2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other contributors), v8flags (Copyright (c)
2014 Tyler Kellen), validator (Copyright (c) 2018 Chris O'Hara
<cohara87@gmail.com>), value-equal (Copyright ? Michael Jackson), vinyl
(Copyright (c) 2013 Blaine Bublitz <blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> Eric
Schoffstall <yo@contra.io> and other contributors), warning (Copyright
(c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.), waypoints (Copyright (c) 2011-2012
Caleb Troughton), WEBPACK VAR INJECTION: bluebird-retry 0.11.0
(Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Petka Antonov), webpack-sources (Copyright (c)
2017 JS Foundation and other contributors), wheel (Copyright (c) 2014
Andrei Kashcha), winston (Copyright (c) 2010 Charlie Robbins),
winston-transport (Copyright (c) 2015 Charlie Robbins & the
contributors.), wordwrap (Copyright ? James Halliday), worker-farm
(Copyright (c) 2014 LevelUP contributors), write-pkg (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ws
(Copyright (c) 2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>), xregexp
(Copyright (c) 2007-2017 Steven Levithan <http://xregexp.com/>), xtend
(Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos and xtend contributors.), xxhash (Copyright
(c) 2016 Caleb Spare), yaml (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), yaml-loader
(Copyright (c) 2014 Andrey Okonetchnikov), yaml.v2/LICENSE.libyaml
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), yargs (Copyright 2010 James
Halliday (mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), yauzl (Copyright (c) 2014 Josh Wolfe), yeoman-test
1.9.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 The Yeoman Team <admin@simonboudrias.com>),
z-schema 3.22.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and other
contributors), z-schema 3.23.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and
other contributors),
accepts (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), any-promise (Copyright (C)
2014-2016 Kevin Beaty), asynckit (Copyright (c) 2016 Alex Indigo),
brightray (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Adam Roben <adam@roben.org>), co
(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), codec (Copyright (c) 2012-2015
Ugorji Nwoke), combined-stream (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited),
component-emitter (Copyright (c) 2014 Component contributors),
content-disposition (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), content-type (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), contest.rb (Copyright (c) 2009 Damian Janowski and Michel
Martens for Citrusbyte), cookiejar (Copyright (c) 2013 Bradley Meck),
cookies (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
core-util-is (Copyright Node.js contributors.), coreos/bbolt (Copyright
(c) 2013 Ben Johnson), debug (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk),
deep-equal (Not Found), delayed-stream (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable
Limited), delegates (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), depd
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), destroy (Copyright
Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), ee-first (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong),
error-inject (Not Found), es6-module-loader v0.17.11 (Copyright (c) 2016
Guy Bedford, Luke Hoban, Addy Osmani), escape-html (Copyright (c)
2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), extend (Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas),
filewatch (Ruby Gem) (No Copyright Found), finalhandler (Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), form-data (Copyright (c) 2012
Felix GeisendÃ¶rfer), formidable (Copyright (C) 2011 Felix GeisendÃ¶rfer),
fresh (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), go-restful,
go-restful-swagger (Copyright: Â© 2012 - 2017,
http://ernestmicklei.com.), go-spew (ISC) (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave
Collins), govalidator (Copyright (c) 2014 Alex Saskevich), handlebars
v2.0.0 in datafile.go (Copyright (C) 2011-2014 by Yehuda Katz),
http-cookie (Ruby Gem) (Copyright (c) 2013 Akinori MUSHA Copyright (c)
2011-2012 Akinori MUSHA, Eric Hodel Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Aaron
Patterson, Mike Dalessio), http-errors (Not Found), httpcache
(Copyright: no copyright found), install-sh (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), is-generator-function (Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan Harband),
isarray (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber), jQuery BBQ: Back Button &
Query Library - v1.2.1 (Copyright: (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman), jQuery
hashchange event - v1.2 (Copyright: (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alma), jQuery
v1.8.0 (Copyright: no copyright found), JQuery v1.8.2 (Copyright: no
copyright found), jquery-2.0.3.min.js (Copyright (c) 2005, 2013 jQuery
Foundation, Inc.), jquery-ui.js (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and
other contributors), json-iterator (Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator),
jwt-go (Copyright (c) 2012 Dave Grijalva), keygrip (Copyright (c)
2011-2014 Jed Schmidt), koa-compose (Not Found), koa-convert (Not
Found), koa-is-json (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), koa-router
(Copyright (c) 2015 Alexander C. Mingoia), libffi (Copyright (c)
1996-2014 Anthony Green, Red Hat, Inc and others.), logrus (Copyright
(c) 2012 Miki Tebeka Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Eskildsen), mapstructure
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), marked in datafile.go
(Copyright (c) 2011-2014, Christopher Jeffrey), media-typer (Copyright
(c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson), methods (Copyright (c)
2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), mime (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas,
Robert Kieffer), mime-db (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), mime-types
(Not Found), ms (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit, Inc.), multierr (Copyright (c)
2017 Uber Technologies, Inc.), negotiator (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Douglas Christopher Wilson), node-extend (Not Found), on-finished
(Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), only (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
Holowaychuk), parseurl (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), path-to-regexp
(Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey), perks (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake
Mizerany), pkg_resources (Copyright Jason R. Coombs),
plexus-interactivity-api (Copyright (c) 2005, The Codehaus),
process-nextick-args (Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf),
readable-stream (Copyright Node.js contributors.), Rubyspec (Copyright
(c) 2008-2012 Ruby-FFI contributors), safe-buffer (Copyright (c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh), shebang-regex (node) (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus),
Sinatra (Ruby Gem) (Copyright (c) 2007, 2008, 2009 Blake Mizerany
Copyright (c) 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Konstantin
Haase), statuses (Copyright(c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
string_decoder (Copyright Node.js contributors.), superagent (Copyright
(c) 2013-2014 TJ Holowaychuk), SwaggerUiLibJquery (Copyright: no
copyright found), toidentifier (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), Treeview 1.4.1 (Copyright (c) 2007 JÃƒrn Zaefferer),
type-is (Copyright Â© 2014 Jonathan Ong), tzinfo (Ruby Gem) (Copyright
(c) 2005-2017 Philip Ross), Underscore.js in datafile.go ((c) 2009-2014
Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
util-deprecate (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich), utilities (Copyright
(c) 2010-2015 Benjamin Peterson), vary (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), xiang90 (Copyright (c) 2015 Xiang Li), yacc.go1
(Copyright Â© 1994-1999 Lucent Technologies Inc. All rights reserved.
Portions Copyright Â© 1995-1997 C H Forsyth (forsyth@terzarima.net)
Portions Copyright Â© 1997-1999 Vita Nuova Limited Portions Copyright Â©
2000-2007 Vita Nuova Holdings Limited (www.vitanuova.com) Portions
Copyright Â© 2004,2006 Bruce Ellis Portions Copyright Â© 2005-2007 C H
Forsyth (forsyth@terzarima.net) Revisions Copyright Â© 2000-2007 Lucent
Technologies Inc. and others Portions Copyright Â© 2009 The Go Authors.
All rights reserved.), zap (Copyright (c) 2017 Uber Technologies, Inc.),
ï»¿electronï»¿ (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 GitHub Inc.),
alecthomas-kingpin(Copyright (C) 2014 Alec Thomas), armon-go-radix(Copyright (c)
2014 Armon Dadgar), emicklei-go-restful(Copyright (c) 2012;2013 Ernest Micklei),
gobwas-glob(Copyright (c) 2016 Sergey Kamardin), huandu-xstrings(Copyright (c)
2015 Huan Du), jmank88-nuts(Copyright (c) 2017 Jordan Krage),
Masterminds-vcs(Copyright (C) 2014-2015; Matt Butcher and Matt Farina),
mitchellh-go-homedir(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto),
nightlyone-(Copyright (c) 2012 Ingo Oeser), pelletier-go-toml(Copyright (c) 2013
- 2017 Thomas Pelletier; Eric Anderton), ryanuber-columnize(No copyright found),
sdboyer-constext(Copyright (c) 2017 Sam Boyer), segmentio-analytics-go(Copyright
(c) 2016 Segment; Inc.), stretchr-testify(No copyright found), jQuery(No
copyright found), treeview(No copyright found), s3crypto(Copyright (c) 2016 Carl
Jackson), segmentio/backo-go(Copyright (c) 2015 Segment  Inc.), rc2(Copyright
2015 The Go Authors), hailocab/go-hostpool(Copyright (c) 2015 Bitly),
howeyc/gopass (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey), go-radix(Copyright (c) 2014
Armon Dadgar), go-isatty(Copyright (c) Yasuhiro MATSUMOTO), columnize(Copyright
(c) 2016 Ryan Uber), go-wordwrap(Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto),
jehiah/go-strftime(Copyright (c) 2012 Jehiah Czebotar),
gregjones/httpcache(Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones (greg.jones@gmail.com)),
jinzhu/inflection(Copyright (c) 2015 - Jinzhu), serenize/snaker(Copyright (c)
2015 Serenize UG (haftungsbeschrÃ¤nkt)), Etienne42/testrail(Copyright (c) 2015
Etienne Duclos), alecthomas/units(Copyright (C) 2014 Alec Thomas),
json-iterator/go(Copyright (c) 2016 json-iterator), protobuf(No copyright
found), peterbourgon/diskv(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter Bourgon),
bolt(Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Johnson), logrus(Copyright (c) 2014 Simon
Eskildsen), @types/connect(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), @types/range-parser(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), cli-color (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2012-2018  Mariusz Nowak  @medikoo 
medikoo.com), cvss (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2016  Aaron McCall),
http-assert(Copyright (c) 2014), is-generator-function(Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan
Harband), koa-convert(Copyright (c) 2015 yunsong), map-age-cleaner(Copyright (c)
Sam Verschueren <sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)),
feature-policy(Copyright (c) 2018 Evan Hahn), has-symbols(Copyright (c) 2016
Jordan Harband), is-generator(Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), readdirp-examples(No copyright found),
plexus-interactivity-api(Copyright (c) 2005; The Codehaus), psych(Copyright 2009
Aaron Patterson; et al.), yaml(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov),
@types/connect(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
@types/range-parser(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.),
express-error-handler(Copyright (c) 2013 Eric Elliott),
express-http-context(Copyright (c) 2017 Steve Konves), http-assert(Copyright (c)
2014), is-generator-function(Copyright (c) 2014 Jordan Harband),
koa-convert(Copyright (c) 2015 yunsong), map-age-cleaner(Copyright (c) Sam
Verschueren <sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)),
mout(Copyright (c) 2012  2013 moutjs team and contributors (http://moutjs.com)),
nano-cache(Copyright (c) 2017 Cxense Inc), request-promise-cache(Copyright (c)
2016 Aziz Khoury), toidentifier(Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), double-ended-queue(Copyright (c) 2013 Petka Antonov),
feature-policy(Copyright (c) 2018 Evan Hahn), flexbuffer(Copyright (c)
20011-2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), ioredis(Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Zihua Li), lodash.bind(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.foreach(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.partial(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.sample(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.shuffle(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
lodash.values(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
memory-pager(Copyright (c) 2017 Mathias Buus), nestedtest (ISC)(No Copyright
Found), saslprep(Copyright (c) 2014 Dmitry Tsvettsikh), semver (ISC)(Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), sparse-bitfield(Copyright (c) 2016
Mathias Buus), prometheus-gc-stats (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), cli-width (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2015  Ilya Radchenko
<ilya@burstcreations.com>), cliui (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors), cliui
(ISC)(Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors), events-to-array (ISC)(Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), fs.realpath (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and Contributors  Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors.), glob (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
isexe (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), pseudomap
(ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), redis-mock(Copyright
(c) 2012 Kristian Faeldt <kristian.faeldt@gmail.com>), request-promise-core
(ISC)(Copyright (c) 2016  Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors),
require-main-filename (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors), rimraf
(ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), stealthy-require
(ISC)(Copyright (c) 2017  Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors),
swagger-schema-official (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2004-2010 by Internet Systems
Consortium; Inc. ("ISC")), which (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), which-module (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors),
which-module (ISC)(Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors), wordwrap (X11)(No
Copyright Found), yallist (ISC)(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors), 
GEMS-1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Erik Michaels-Ober), IS-STREAM
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JSPRIM (Copyright (c) 2012 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), MIME (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas Robert Kieffer),
MICROMATCH (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon Schlinkert.), CLI-CURSOR
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CROSS-FETCH (Copyright (c) 2017 Leonardo QuixadÃ¡),
SMART-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Josh Glazebrook),
CONTENT-DISPOSITION (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
SHOULD-UTIL-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Should.js assertion library),
CROSS-SPAWN (Copyright (c) 2018 Made With MOXY Lda <hello@moxy.studio>),
SAWYER 0.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2011 rick olson), FROM2 (Copyright (c) 2014
Hugh Kennedy), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V1.6.2 (Copyright 2011, John
Resig), JSONSCHEMA [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2007 Kris Zyp SitePen
(www.sitepen.com)), STYLUS-0.54.5 (Copyright (c) Automattic
<developer.wordpress.com>), ERRNO (## Copyright & Licence*Copyright (c)
2012-2015 [Rod Vagg](https://github.com/rvagg)
([@rvagg](https://twitter.com/rvagg))*), HTTP-4.1.1 (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 Tony Arcieri, Erik Michaels-Ober, Alexey V. Zapparov, Zachary
Anker), PUG-RUNTIME (Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay),
@TYPES/RANGE-PARSER (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights
reserved.), HTTP-COOKIE (Copyright (c) 2013 Akinori MUSHA Copyright (c)
2011-2012 Akinori MUSHA; Eric Hodel Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Aaron
Patterson; Mike Dalessio), PEACH (Copyright (c) 2008 Ben Hughes),
PG-TYPES-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian M. Carlson), STREAM-ITERATE
(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), CALL-MATCHER (Copyright (c) 2015-2018
Takuto Wada https://github.com/twada/call-matcher), EVENT-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), ANSI-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CONCURRENT-RUBY
(Copyright (c) Jerry D'Antonio), PROCESS-NEXTICK-ARGS (Copyright (c)
2015 Calvin Metcalf), SYLVESTER (Copyright (c) 2011 Chris Umbel James
Coglan), BABEL-PLUGIN-MEMBER-EXPRESSION-LITERALS-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), EXTEND
(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), RAKE-COMPILER-0.7.9 (Copyright (c)
2008-2011 Luis Lavena.), STREAM-COMBINER (Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic
Tarr'), P-TRY-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EXECA (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), KUE
(Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoost &lt;tj@learnboost.com&gt;), MEM-4.3.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), HOE (No Copyright Found), HOE-GEMSPEC-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Dalessio), CI-INFO-1.6.0 (Copyright (c)
2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), SHOULD-FORMAT-3.0.3 (Copyright (c)
2014), NOTABLE [node-website] (Copyright(c) 2013 AndrÃ© KÃ¶nig
<andre.koenig@gmail.com>), RSPEC-3.8.0 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2012 Chad
Humphries, David Chelimsky, Myron Marston, Copyright Ã‚Â© 2006 David
Chelimsky, The RSpec Development Team, Copyright Ã‚Â© 2005 Steven Baker),
COOKIEJAR (Copyright (c) 2013 Bradley Meck), DUPLEXIFY (Copyright (c)
2014 Mathias Buus), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V1.12.4
[menu-overflow-handler] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), JSON-SCHEMA (No copyright found), EXTSPRINTF (Copyright
(c) 2012 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), WIKICLOTH (No Copyright
Found), STRICTYAML 1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Colm O'Connor), COMPOSITION
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), TINS 1.20.2
(Copyright [2017] [Florian Frank]), ES6-PROMISE (Copyright (c) 2014
Yehuda Katz Tom Dale Stefan Penner and contributors), REDIS-COMMANDS
(Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), XML-ESCAPE-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
Michael Hernandez), BABEL-PLUGIN-REMOVE-DEBUGGER-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), OCTOKIT-4.13.0
(Copyright (c) 2009-2017 Wynn Netherland, Adam Stacoviak, Erik
Michaels-Ober), HOE-DEBUGGING-2.0.0 (Copyright 2009-present),
PANDOC-RUBY (Copyright (c) 2009 William Melody), @BABEL/CODE-FRAME (No
copyright found), RSPEC-EXPECTATIONS-3.8.2 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2012 David
Chelimsky, Myron Marston, Copyright Ã‚Â© 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec
Development Team, Copyright Ã‚Â© 2005 Steven Baker), ESCAPE-STRING-REGEXP
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), NET-SSH (Copyright ï¿½ 2008 Jamis Buck), HAML (No
Copyright Found), JSONPOINTER (Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt
<jan@apache.org> & Marc Bachmann <https://github.com/marcbachmann>),
RB-FSEVENT (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Travis Tilley), CO (Copyright (c)
2014 TJ Holowaychuk &lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), TREETOP (Copyright (c)
2007 Nathan Sobo.), JWS-3.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan),
GRAPHEME-SPLITTER (Copyright (c) 2015 Orlin Georgiev),
@BABEL/RUNTIME-7.4.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and
other contributors), ERUBIS (No copyright found), VERROR (Copyright (c)
2016; Joyent; Inc. All rights reserved.), MYSQL2-1.6.5 (Copyright (c)
2016 Andrey Sidorov (sidorares@yandex.ru) and contributors), UNDERSCORE
(Copyright (c) 2009-2018 Jeremy Ashkenas DocumentCloud and
Investigative), WHATWG-FETCH (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 GitHub Inc.),
GRAPHLIB (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Chris Pettitt), PUG-ERROR (Copyright
(c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay), TIMERS 4.3.0 (No Copyright Found), RSPEC-WAIT
(No copyright found), LUMBERJACK (Copyright (c) 2011 Brian Durand),
REPEAT-ELEMENT [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), TINS
1.6.0 (Copyright [2017] [Florian Frank]),
BABEL-PLUGIN-PROTO-TO-ASSIGN-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors), ARRAY-FLATTEN (Copyright (c) 2014
Blake Embrey (hello@blakeembrey.com)), STRIP-EOF (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
COMPONENT-INSTALLER-0.0.8 (No Copyright Statement found),
GET-STREAM-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ERROR-INJECT-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 dead_horse),
RESOLVE (No copyright found), PUBLIC_SUFFIX-1.4.5 (Copyright (c)
2009-2014 Simone Carletti <weppos@weppos.net>), FARADAY (Copyright (c)
2009-2017 Rick Olson; Zack Hobson), SERVE-STATIC (Copyright (c) 2010
Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), SSHPK
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), SHOULD-13.2.3
(Copyright(c) 2010-2013 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright(c)
2013-2017 Denis Bardadym <bardadymchik@gmail.com>), DATA/PROTOTYPE.JS
[json (RubyGem)] (Copyright (c) 2005-2007 Sam Stephenson), LLVM LIBC++
(No Copyright Found), MARKABY (Copyright (c) 2006-2018 markaby group
(Scott Taylor (smtlaissezfaire) Jonathan Gillette (_why) and related
maintainers)), NICE-TRY (Copyright (c) 2018 Tobias Reich), P-FINALLY
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), WINSTON-TRANSPORT-4.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Charlie
Robbins & the contributors.), @BABEL/HIGHLIGHT (No copyright found),
BABEL-PLUGIN-UNDEFINED-TO-VOID-1.1.6 (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), MURMURHASH3 (RUBY GEM)
(Copyright (c) 2012 Sokolov Yura 'funny-falcon'), RADIUS (Copyright (c)
2006-2010 John W. Long), BOUNCY-CASTLE-JAVA 1.5.0147 (Copyright (c)
2000-2009 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle), HOE-IGNORE-1.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2013 FIX), BUFFER-WRITER (No copyright found), HOE-BUNDLER-1.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Mike Dalessio), SWAGGER-METHODS (Copyright (c)
2015 James Messinger), BYTE-SIZE-5.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-18 Lloyd
Brookes <75pound@gmail.com>), POSTGRES-ARRAY-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Ben
Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), SIMPLE-LRU-CACHE
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mercadolibre.com), COLOR-NAME (Copyright (c) 2015
Dmitry Ivanov), SOCKS-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Glazebrook),
JSON-REFS (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremy Whitlock), ESTRAVERSE-FB-1.3.1
(Copyright (c) 2014 Ingvar Stepanyan), SIZZLE CSS SELECTOR ENGINE V2.2.1
[menu-overflow-handler] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), EVAL (Copyright (c) 2012 Pierre Curto),
NODE-REDIS-WARLOCK-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Geoff Wagstaff), ISSTREAM
(Copyright (c) 2015 Rod Vagg), P-TRY-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HTTP (No Copyright Found),
STRIP-JSON-COMMENTS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), THE BUFFER MODULE FROM
NODE.JS, FOR THE BROWSER. (By Feross Aboukhadijeh <feross@feross.org>
<http://feross.org>), FILENAME-REGEX (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon
Schlinkert), READLINE2 (Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias (twitter:
[@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))), TOPSPORT (No Copyright
Statement found), METHOD_SOURCE (Copyright (c) 2011 John Mair
(banisterfiend)), CI-INFO-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson
Steen), COMPOSITION-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), FILL-RANGE [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2014-2018,
Jon Schlinkert.), PUG-ATTRS (Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay),
FIND-UP-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), REST-CLIENT (Copyright (c) 2008-2014 Rest Client
Authors), ESCAPE-HTML (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 TJ HolowaychukCopyright
(c) 2015 Andreas LubbeCopyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng "Timothy" Gu),
RESOLVE-FROM (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), WCWIDTH (Copyright (C) 2012 by Jun Woong.),
BABEL-PLUGIN-REACT-CONSTANT-ELEMENTS-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), NODEJS [Yarn (Node)]
(Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.), STYLESHEET FOR
CODERAY (No Copyright Found), MEMOIZABLE (Copyright (c) 2013 Dan Kubb;
Erik Michaels-Ober), SRC-1.1.2 (By Will S. Laurance), RACK-TEST
(Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bryan Helmkamp; Engine Yard Inc.),
PUG-STRIP-COMMENTS (Copyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng ï¿½Timothyï¿½ Gu),
MURMURHASH3 (Copyright (c) 2012 Sokolov Yura 'funny-falcon'), USER-HOME
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SAFER-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>), RECURSIVE OBJECT EXTENDING (Copyright (c)
Viacheslav Lotsmanov), TRINIDAD (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Team Trinidad
and contributors), SLOP 4.6.2 (Copyright (c) Lee Jarvis), SMOOTHSCROLL
[angular-ui-bootstrapÂ ] (Copyright (c) 2013 Alice Lieutier), RETRY
(Copyright (c) 2011:), WINDOW-SIZE (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.),
MYSQL-5.7.17-0/EXTRA/RAPIDJSON/LICENSE.TXT [MySQL] (Copyright (C) 2011
Milo Yip), OPENTRACING-CPP (Copyright (c) 2016 OpenTracing developers),
EXPRESS-HTTP-CONTEXT (Copyright (c) 2017 Steve Konves), IS-3.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Enrico Marino Copyright (c) 2014 Enrico Marino and
Jordan Harband), P-DEFER (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TZINFO-DATA (Copyright (c)
2005-2018 Philip Ross), FPM (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Jordan Sissel and
contributors.), SIX (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Benjamin Peterson),
ECC-JSBN (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremie Miller), GUARD-2.15.0 (Copyright
(c) 2009-2016 Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil), RUAMEL.YAML (Copyright (c)
2014-2019 Anthon van der Neut Ruamel bvba), TZINFO (Copyright (c)
2005-2018 Philip Ross), WITH (Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay),
VALIDATOR (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2018 Chris O'Hara <cohara87@gmail.com>),
BENCHMARK_SUITE (No Copyright Found), INTERPRET (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Tyler Kellen <tyler@sleekcode.net> Blaine Bublitz
<blaine.bublitz@gmail.com> and Eric Schoffstall <yo@contra.io>), CLONE
(Copyright Â© 2011-2015 Paul Vorbach <paul@vorba.ch>), CONCAT-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2013 Max Ogden), COOKIE-SIGNATURE (Copyright (c) 2012
LearnBoost &lt;tj@learnboost.com&gt;), HTTP-PROXY-AGENT (Copyright (c)
2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), TAP-XUNIT
(Copyright (c) 2014 Ali Ghassemi), DOTENV-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2012
Brandon Keepers), AWS4 (Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), EXPECTED LITE [opentracing-cpp] (Copyright
(C) 2016 Martin Moene), GUARD-RSPEC (No Copyright Found),
POSTGRES-BYTEA-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), YECHT (Copyright (c) 2009-2010 Ola Bini), FRESH
(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c)
2016-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
HTTP_PARSER.RB (RUBY GEM) (Copyright 2009,2010 Marc-AndrÃ© Cournoyer
Copyright 2010,2011 Aman Gupta), OBJECT-KEYS-1.1.0 (Copyright (C) 2013
Jordan Harband), ANGULAR-UI-BOOTSTRAPÂ  (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 the
AngularUI Team), BCTLS-JDK15ON (Copyright (c) The Legion of the Bouncy
Castle Inc. ), PROMISED-LDAP-0.3.0 (By Stewart MacKenzie-Leigh),
RACK-TEST-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bryan Helmkamp, Engine Yard
Inc.), REQUIRE-DIRECTORY (Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>), PUMPIFY (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
LODASH (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), LIBCIPM (Copyright 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n and
Contributors), SNMP (No Copyright Found), ANSI-STYLES (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), UTILITIES
(Copyright August 2012, Alex Dowad. All Rights Reserved.), DOT-PROP
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MARUKU (Copyright (c) 2006 Andrea Censi), BRACES
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), MARKDOWN.KPEG [rdoc (Ruby
Gem)] (Author: John MacFarlane), P-LIMIT-2.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
REGENERATOR-RUNTIME-0.13.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-present, Facebook, Inc.),
TOPOSORT (Copyright (c) 2012 by Marcel Klehr <mklehr@gmx.net>), DOCTYPES
(Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay), STRING-WIDTH (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TMP [Yarn (Node)]
(Copyright (c) 2011-2017 KARASZI Istvan <github@spam.raszi.hu), ASN1
(Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage All rights reserved.),
JAR-DEPENDENCIES-0.3.4 (Copyright (c) 2014 Christian Meier), PG-POOL
(Copyright (c) 2017 Brian M. Carlson), SWIFTYPE-APP-SEARCH-RUBY
(Copyright 2017  Swiftype, Inc), NAN (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN
contributors), SASS (Copyright (c) 2013 Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil),
CHARACTER-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay), SEQUEL (Copyright
(c) 2007-2008 Sharon Rosner), RAKEFILE [racc] (Author:Aaron Patterson),
RUN-ASYNC (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Boudrias), CLAMP (Copyright (c) 2010
Mike Williams <mdub@dogbiscuit.org>), CORE.JS (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), FLAT-CACHE (Copyright (c) 2015 Roy
Riojas), DEFS (Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>),
RSPEC-MOCKS 3.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec
Development Team), BACKPORTS-3.11.4 (Copyright (c) 2009 Marc-Andre
Lafortune), DOTENV-2.7.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon Keepers), COOKIE
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
LIVESCRIPT (Copyright (c) 2016 Bian JiapingCopyright (c) 2010 Joshua
Peek), MANTICORE (Copyright (c) 2015 Chris Heald), TEMPLATER (Copyright
Â© Jonas Nicklas and Michael S. Klishin), COMBINED-STREAM (No copyright
found), RSPEC-MOCKS (Copyright ï¿½ 2012 David Chelimsky; Myron Marston
Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team Copyright ï¿½
2005 Steven Baker), SNAPPY (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 miyucy),
MAP-AGE-CLEANER (Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren
<sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)), ATTRS
(Copyright (c) 2015 Hynek Schlawack), JSON-TO-AST-2.1.0 (Copyright (C)
2016 by Vlad Trushin), SHEBANG-COMMAND (Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), @TYPES/NODE (Copyright
(c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.), FUNCTION
WEBPACK_REQUIRE [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook,
Inc.), PATH-KEY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), EXTGLOB (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), ETAG
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), HAR-VALIDATOR
(Copyright (c) 2018 Ahmad Nassri <ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>),
AZURE-EVENTHUBS-EPH (Copyright (c) Microsoft. All rights reserved.),
APPRAISAL-2.1.0 (Copyright Â© 2010-2013 Joe Ferris and thoughtbot, inc.),
LODASH.OMIT (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), METRIKS (Copyright (c) 2012 Eric Lindvall),
CSS-PARSE (No copyright found), PRECOND (No copyright found), PATH-ARRAY
(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>),
FINALHANDLER (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), ISBUFFER [Yarn (Node)] (No copyright found),
SHOULD-EQUAL-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014), NOTIFFANY-0.1.1 (Copyright (c)
2014 Cezary Baginski), TZINFO 2.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2005-2018 Philip
Ross), REDCLOTH (Copyright (c) 2011 Jason Garber), LOOPBACK-PHASE
(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2017. All Rights Reserved.), CLDRJS
(Copyright (c) Rafael Xavier de Souza http://rafael.xavier.blog.br),
RSPEC (Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Chad Humphries; David Chelimsky Copyright ï¿½ 2006
David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team Copyright ï¿½ 2005 Steven
Baker), GUARD-COMPAT (No copyright found), HOE-GIT (No Copyright Found),
EXTEND-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), JAR-DEPENDENCIES-0.4.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Christian Meier), YACRON 0.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2017
Gambit Research), FAKEFS-0.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Wanstrath),
MINI_PORTILE2 (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Luis Lavena and Mike Dalessio),
NPM-RUN-PATH (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), BACKPORTS-3.12.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Marc-Andre
Lafortune), REPEATING-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PG-7.8.1 (Copyright (c)
2010 - 2019 Brian Carlson), NAMED-PLACEHOLDERS-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2014
Andrey Sidorov), AJV (Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
PROTOTYPE [json (RubyGem)] (Not Required), PUG-PARSER (No copyright
found), FAKEFS (Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Wanstrath), UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3
(Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters &
Editors), RANGE-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com), HOE-GEMSPEC (No Copyright Found), SAFE-BUFFER
(Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), CSS.ESCAPE V1.5.1 (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), GUARD-RSPEC-4.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil), MAIL (Copyright (c)
2009-2016 Mikel Lindsaar), COLOR-CONVERT (Copyright (c) 2011-2016
Heather Arthur <fayearthur@gmail.com>), NOKOGIRI (Copyright 2008 -- 2018
by Aaron Patterson; Mike Dalessio; Charles Nutter; Sergio Arbeo; Patrick
Mahoney; Yoko Harada; Akinori MUSHA; John Shahid; Lars Kanis),
NODE-CACHE (Copyright (c) 2016 mpneuried), YAJL-RUBY (Copyright (c) 2014
Brian Lopez), LODASH.MERGE (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), LOOPBACK-CONNECTOR-MONGODB
(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2012 2017. All Rights Reserved.), SETUPTOOLS
(Copyright (C) 2016 Jason R Coombs <jaraco@jaraco.com>), DOCKER-API
(Copyright (c) 2014 Swipely Inc.), NENV (Copyright (c) 2014 Cezary
Baginski), FLAKE8: NOQA (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Benjamin Peterson),
PATH-TO-REGEXP (Copyright (c) 2014 Blake Embrey
(hello@blakeembrey.com)), SPLIT (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
CLDR-DATA (Copyright (c) 2013 Rafael Xavier de Souza
http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), PIP (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 The pip
developers (see AUTHORS.txt file)), TYPE-DETECT (Copyright (c) 2013 Jake
Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)),
PUBLIC_SUFFIX (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Simone Carletti),
ENHANCED-RESOLVE (Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Tobias Koppers), BUFFER
(Feross Aboukhadijeh), HOE-GIT-1.6.0 (Copyright 2009 John Barnette
(jbarnette@rubyforge.org)), AWESOME_PRINT (Copyright (c) 2010-2019
Michael Dvorkin), LOOPBACK-DATASOURCE-JUGGLER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2011 2017. All Rights Reserved.), NODEMAILER-4.7.0 (Copyright (c)
2011-2017 Andris Reinman), CODE-POINT-AT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), NGINX [http_parser.rb
(Ruby Gem)] (copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All
rights reserved.), CHILDPROCESS-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jari
Bakken), DOTENV-2.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon Keepers), ACCEPTS
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CALL-ME-MAYBE
(Copyright (c) 2015 Eric McCarthy), COFFEE-SCRIPT (Copyright (c) 2010
Joshua Peek), JS-TOKENS (Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Simon
Lydell), TAPE-4.10.1 (By James Halliday), LOGGER-0.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2010 Aaron Quint), NODE-INT64 (Copyright (c) 2014 Robert Kieffer),
SIZZLE.JS (Copyright 2011, The Dojo Foundation), WINSTON (Copyright (c)
2010 Charlie Robbins), DUKTAPE (No Copyright Found), NUMBER-IS-NAN
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), NODE-GYP (Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All rights
reserved.), X509 (No copyright found), BOUNCY-CASTLE-JAVA (Copyright (c)
2000-2009 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle), PROXY-ADDR (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), TYPE-IS (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), IFERR-1.0.2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Nadav Ivgi), MEM-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), GLOBALS-11.11.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
NODE.EXTEND (Copyright (c) 2011 Jordan Harband and Ben Lin Copyright (C)
1989 1991 Free Software Foundation Inc. <http://fsf.org/> Copyright (C)
{year} {fullname} Gnomovision version 69 Copyright (C) year name of
author), UGLIFIER 1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Ville Lautanala),
PYTIMEPARSE (No Copyright Found), JAR-DEPENDENCIES (No Copyright Found),
NODE-MARIASQL (Copyright Brian White. All rights reserved.), SUPERAGENT
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
BABEL-PLUGIN-PROPERTY-LITERALS-1.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), PERFORMANCE-NOW (Copyright
(c) 2013 Braveg1rl), JQUERY [angular-ui-bootstrapÂ ] (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors https://js.foundation/),
KRYPTPROVIDERJDK (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Hiroshi Nakamura, Martin
BoÃŸlet), SLOP (Copyright (c) Lee Jarvis), P-LIMIT-2.2.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MIME-TYPES
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
RSPEC-EXPECTATIONS-2.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec
Development Team, Copyright (c) 2005 Steven Baker), LODASH.PICK
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), LOGFORM-2.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2017 Charlie
Robbins & the Contributors.), URLLIB3 (Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov
and contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS.txt)), EXTOBJC [Mantle] (Copyright
(C) 2012 Justin Spahr-Summers), DEEP-EQUAL (Copyright(c) 2013 Jake
Luer), IMAGE-SIZE-0.5.0 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2014 Aditya Yadav
http://netroy.in), LANG [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2007 Oliver Steele),
RSPEC-MOCKS 2.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec
Development Team), SAFE-JSON-STRINGIFY (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
[Debitoor](https://debitoor.com/)), ANSI-ESCAPES-3.2.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PUG-CODE-GEN
(No copyright found), BOUNCY-CASTLE-JAVA-1.5.0147 (Copyright (c)
2000-2009 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle
(http://www.bouncycastle.org)), FARADAY 0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 rick),
RACK-PROTECTION 1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Konstantin Haase),
ACTIVESUPPORT (Copyright (c) 2005-2019 David Heinemeier Hansson), WHEEL
(copyright (c) 2012-2014 Daniel Holth <dholth@fastmail.fm> and
contributors.), PACOTE (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n), CELLULOID
(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Tony Arcieri; Donovan Keme),
PG-CONNECTION-STRING (Copyright (c) 2014 Iced Development),
APPRAISAL-1.0.3 (Copyright Â© 2010-2013 Joe Ferris and thoughtbot, inc.),
BYTES [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed Watson <jed.watson@me.com>),
NEXT-TICK (Copyright (C) 2012-2016 Mariusz Nowak), NEEDLE (Copyright (c)
Fork Ltd.), HOE-BUNDLER (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Mike Dalessio),
Z-SCHEMA (Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and other contributors),
@TYRIAR/FIBONACCI-HEAP-2.0.9 (Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Imms
http://www.growingwiththeweb.com), WRAP-ANSI (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IS-DOTFILE
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017, Jon Schlinkert.), YARGS (Copyright 2010 James
Halliday (mail@substack.net)Modified work Copyright 2014 Contributors
(ben@npmjs.com)), MUX-DEMUX (Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr), CSS
(Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), EXPAND-RANGE
(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), SSE (Copyright (c) 2011 Einar
Otto Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;), APPARATUS (Copyright (c) 2011
Chris Umbel), FORM-DATA (Copyright (c) 2012 Felix GeisendÃ¶rfer
(felix@debuggable.com) and contributors), VARY (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
Douglas Christopher Wilson), NIB (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), EE-FIRST (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), FILEWATCH (No Copyright Found), FSEVENTS (Copyright
(C) 2010-2014 Philipp DunkelCopyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org># Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin MetcalfCopyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Fork
Ltd.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2018 Viacheslav Lotsmanov 2. Grant of
Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of Copyright
{yyyy} {name of copyright owner}Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>Copyright (c) 2015
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) Feross
AboukhadijehCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2011
Alexander ShtuchkinCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors
Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.Copyright (c) 2014
Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2015 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2015 Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright
(c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2016 ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)Copyright (c)
2015 Rebecca TurnerCopyright (c) MapboxCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter
and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), PEM (NODE)
(Copyright (c) 2012 Andris Reinman),
BABEL-PLUGIN-DEAD-CODE-ELIMINATION-1.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), MARCH_HARE (Copyright (c)
2011-2013 Theo Hultberg Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Michael S. Klishin and
contributors), GUARD-RSPEC-4.7.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Thibaud
Guillaume-Gentil), EXECA-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REFLECT (Copyright (c)
2013 Julian Berman), LOGSPOUT (Copyright (C) 2015 Glider Labs, LLC),
NAUGHT (Copyright (c) 2014 Andrew Kelley), ES6-SYMBOL-3.0.2 (Copyright
(C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), GRACEFUL-READLINK
(Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye Li), IS-CI (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas
Watson Steen), MAP-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
REACT-TO-HTML-WEBPACK-PLUGIN (Copyright 2014 Mark Dalgleish),
STREAM-EACH (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), RAW-FILES-GENERATOR
[angular-ui-bootstrapÂ ] (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Twitter, Inc),
NENV-0.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Cezary Baginski), BODY-PARSER (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CI_REPORTER
(Copyright (c) 2006-2014 Nick Sieger <nicksieger@gmail.com> Copyright
(c) 2014 The CI Reporter authors), DEPD (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), HTTP_PARSER-JAVA [http_parser.rb (Ruby Gem)]
(Copyright 2010 Tim Becker), TIMERS (Copyright (c) 2012-14 The Celluloid
Timers Developers: given in the file), AZURE-EVENTHUBS (Copyright (c)
Microsoft. All rights reserved.), REDCARPET (Copyright (c) 2009; Natacha
Portï¿½ Copyright (c) 2015; Vicent Marti), OS-HOMEDIR (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EVENTEMITTER
(Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.), POLYGLOT
(Copyright (c) 2007 Clifford Heath), ES-ABSTRACT-1.13.0 (Copyright (C)
2015 Jordan Harband), JS-STRINGIFY (Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay),
BOXEN (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), DATE-FORMAT (Copyright (c) 2013 Gareth Jones), I18N
[hg] ((c) 2006-2010 David JEAN LOUIS), UNPIPE (Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), PYYAML (Copyright
(c) 2017-2019 Ingy dï¿½t Net Copyright (c) 2006-2016 Kirill Simonov),
COOKIE-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), DIFF-LCS (Copyright# Copyright 2004 Austin
Ziegler <diff-lcs@halostatue.ca>), OS-LOCALE-3.1.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PUNYCODE (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), BUNDLER (No Copyright
Found), REDIS-4.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Ezra Zygmuntowicz),
RSPEC-EXPECTATIONS (Copyright ï¿½ 2012 David Chelimsky; Myron Marston
Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team Copyright ï¿½
2005 Steven Baker), PACKET-READER-1.0.0 (Copyright 2015 Brian M.
Carlson), REDS (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
&lt;tj@vision-media.ca&gt;), BABEL-PLUGIN-EVAL-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), ON-FINISHED
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CSVTOJSON-2.0.8
(Copyright (C) 2013 Keyang Xiang), CONSTANTINOPLE (Copyright (c) 2013
Forbes Lindesay), BENCODE [bzr (Python)] (Petru Paler), JSON3 (Copyright
(c) 2012-2014 Kit Cambridge.), BABEL-PLUGIN-RUNTIME-1.0.7 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), JSON5
(Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Aseem Kishore and
[others](https://github.com/aseemk/json5/contributors).), FIGURES-1.3.5
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), NODE-FETCH-H2-2.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 David
Frank), COLORS [Yarn (Node)] (- Copyright (c) Marak Squires - Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IANA-TZ-DATA (Copyright (c) Rafael Xavier de Souza
http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), MOMENT (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and
other contributors), UGLIFIER 4.1.20 (Copyright (c) 2011 Ville
Lautanala), DOM-SERIALIZER (Copyright (c) 2014 The cheeriojs
contributors), MULTI_JSON (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Michael Bleigh; Josh
Kalderimis; Erik Michaels-Ober; Pavel Pravosud), CELLULOID-0.17.4
(Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Tony Arcieri, Donovan Keme), IOREDIS (Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Zihua Li), SUPPORTS-COLOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PUMP (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), RSPEC-CORE (Copyright ï¿½ 2012 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky; Myron Marston Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team
Copyright ï¿½ 2005 Steven Baker), MEDIA-TYPER (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas
Christopher Wilson), MIME-TYPES-3.2.2 (Copyright 2003-2018 Austin
Ziegler and contributors.), CLAMP-1.1.2 (Copyright (c) 2010 Mike
Williams <mdub@dogbiscuit.org>), MANTICORE-0.6.4-JAVA (Copyright (c)
2015 Chris Heald), TINY-RELATIVE-DATE (Copyright (c) 2017 Joseph Wynn),
TREETOP 1.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2007 Nathan Sobo.), LODASH.CREATE-4.2.0
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>), THROUGH2 (**Copyright (c) 2016 Rod Vagg (the
"Original Author") and additional contributors**<p><strong>Copyright (c)
2016 Rod Vagg (the &quot;Original Author&quot;) and additional
contributors</strong></p>), HTTP_PARSER [http_parser.rb (Ruby Gem)]
(Copyright Igor Sysoev), TOPSPORT.JS (No Copyright Statement found),
MINITEST (Copyright ï¿½ Ryan Davis; seattle.rb), WS-5.0.0 (Copyright (c)
2011 Einar Otto Stangvik <einaros@gmail.com>), CONFIG-CHAIN (Copyright
(c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), BUNDLER-2.0.1 (Portions copyright (c) 2010 Andre
Arko Portions copyright (c) 2009 Engine Yard), BUILTINS (Copyright (c)
2015 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>), ONO (Copyright (c) 2015
James Messinger), SMART-BUFFER-4.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Josh
Glazebrook), PGPASS (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Hannes HÃ¶rl), BABEL
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),
PROGRESS (Copyright (c) 2017 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), BASIC
JAVASCRIPT BN LIBRARY [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2005 Tom Wu),
JSONSCHEMA 3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 Julian Berman),
OPENSSL_PKCS8_PURE-0.0.0.2 (Copyright (c) 2017, T. Yamada), ENCODEURL
(Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), OCTOKIT (Copyright (c)
2009-2017 Wynn Netherland; Adam Stacoviak; Erik Michaels-Ober),
GLOBAL-DIRS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), THROUGH (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright
(c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), HOE-DEBUGGING (Copyright 2009-present John
Barnette), ACORN-GLOBALS (Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay), AJV-6.9.1
(Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), AJV-6.9.2 (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2018 Chris O'Hara
<cohara87@gmail.com>), CINCH (Copyright (c) 2010 Lee Jarvis Dominik
HonnefCopyright (c) 2011 Dominik Honnef), EXPRESS (Copyright (c)
2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Roman Shtylman <shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), IS-POSIX-BRACKET
[Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon Schlinkert.), TILT
(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Ryan Tomayko <http://tomayko.com/about>),
FLUSH-WRITE-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), PUG-LINKER
(Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay), RSPEC-SUPPORT 3.8.0 (Copyright Ã‚Â©
2013 David Chelimsky, Myron Marston, Jon Rowe, Sam Phippen, Xavier Shay,
Bradley Schaefer), LRU_REDUX (No copyright found), EXPAND-BRACKETS
(Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Jon Schlinkert.), HANDLEBARS (Copyright (C)
2011-2016 by Yehuda Katz), STRING_DECODER (Copyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), CLDR [Dojo] (Copyright Â© 1991-2007
Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.), HOE-IGNORE (No Copyright Found),
DECAMELIZE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CLI-COLUMNS (Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller
<me@shannonmoeller.com> (shannonmoeller.com)), RSPEC-MOCKS-2.4.0
(Copyright (c) 2005 The RSpec Development Team), ASSERT-PLUS (Copyright
(c) 2012 Mark Cavage), FORMIDABLE (Copyright (C) 2011 Felix
GeisendÃ¶rfer), INVERT-KV-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), WIDEST-LINE (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IS-EXPRESSION (Copyright (c) 2015 Tiancheng â€œTimothyâ€� Gu), AST-TYPES
(Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>), STRIP-ANSI
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ON-HEADERS (Copyright (c) 2014 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), NODEMAILER (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Andris Reinman),
QUERY-STRING (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), BLUEBIRD (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Petka Antonov),
PDF-READER (Copyright (c) 2009 Peter Jones), OPTIONATOR (Copyright (c)
George Zahariev), PUG-FILTERS-3.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes
Lindesay), SINATRA (Copyright (c) 2007; 2008; 2009 Blake Mizerany
Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Konstantin Haase Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Zachary
Scott), TIMEAGO (Copyright (c) 2008-2010, Ryan McGeary),
RSPEC-CORE-3.8.0 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2012 Chad Humphries, David Chelimsky,
Myron Marston,Copyright Ã‚Â© 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec Development
Team,Copyright Ã‚Â© 2005 Steven Baker),
BABEL-PLUGIN-INLINE-ENVIRONMENT-VARIABLES-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), P-LOCATE-3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), PRY (Copyright (c) 2018 The Pry TeamCopyright (c)
2012 Lee Jarvis), CHALK (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EXECJS (Copyright (c) 2011
Sam StephensonCopyright (c) 2011 Josh Peek), OBJECT-ASSIGN ((c) Sindre
Sorhus), STATUSES (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), SHOULD-TYPE-1.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2014),
IDNA_SSL 1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2018 aio-libs team), TOKEN-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay), CODECLIMATE-TEST-REPORTER (No
Copyright Found), CROSS-BROWSER SPLIT 1.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2007-2012
Steven Levithan), HOE-3.17.1 (Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb),
P-IS-PROMISE-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), FLEXBUFFER (Copyright (c) 2012-2016
Mercadolibre.com), LISTEN-3.1.5 (Copyright (c) 2013 Thibaud
Guillaume-Gentil), RUFUS-SCHEDULER (Copyright (c) 2005-2017; John
Mettraux; jmettraux@gmail.com), PSL (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo Montero
lupomontero@gmail.com), BABEL-TRANSPILER (Copyright (c) 2015 Joshua
Peek), CLDR-DATA-DOWNLOADER (Copyright (c) 2013 Rafael Xavier de Souza
http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), LDAPJS (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage
All rights reserved.), SHOULD-TYPE-ADAPTORS-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2016
Should.js assertion library), REACTIVECOCOA (Copyright (c) 2012 - 2016,
GitHub, Inc. All rights reserved.), TINS (No Copyright Found), TERM-SIZE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CORE-JS (Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Denis Pushkarev),
SHEBANG-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), BABEL-PLUGIN-REMOVE-CONSOLE-1.0.1 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), RSPEC-CORE
2.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Chad Humphries, David Chelimsky Copyright (c)
2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec Development Team Copyright (c) 2005
Steven Baker), MANTLE (Copyright (c) GitHub, Inc. All rights reserved.),
CLUSTER-KEY-SLOT (Copyright (c) 2015 NodeRedis), CONTENT-TYPE (Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson), HTTP-FORM_DATA-2.1.1 (Copyright
(c) 2015-2017 Alexey V Zapparov), SETIMMEDIATE (Copyright (c) 2012
Barnesandnoble.com llc Donavon West and Domenic Denicola), IFERR
(Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi), RSPEC-EXPECTATIONS-2.4.0 (Copyright (c)
2005 The RSpec Development Team), TILT 1.3 (Copyright Â© 2010-2016 Ryan
Tomayko), CLAMP-1.3.0 (Copyright (c) 2010 Mike Williams
<mdub@dogbiscuit.org>), RACK (Copyright (C) 2007-2019 Leah Neukirchen
<http://leahneukirchen.org/infopage.html>), WORKER-FARM (Copyright (c)
2014 LevelUP contributors), LRU-QUEUE (Copyright (C) 2014 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), PROTODUCK (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n), SEQUEL
5.18.0 (Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Sharon Rosner),
GO-WINDOWS-TERMINAL-SEQUENCES (Copyright (c) 2018 marvin + konsorten
GmbH (open-source@konsorten.de)), ARGPARSE (Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly
Puzrin), NORMALIZE.CSS V7.0.0 (Copyright Â© Nicolas Gallagher and
Jonathan Neal), FORMATADOR (Copyright (c) 2009-2013 CONTRIBUTORS.md),
JS-YAML (Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin),
CODE-ERROR-FRAGMENT-0.0.230 (Copyright (c) 2017 Vlad Trushin),
UNIVERSAL-ANALYTICS (Copyright (c) 2017 Peaks & Pies GmbH
&lt;hello@peaksandpies.com&gt;), PATH-EXISTS (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JSON-SCHEMA-2.8.1
(Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Lookingglass Cyber Solutions), PUG-LOAD
(Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay), STRICT-URI-ENCODE (Copyright (c)
Kevin Martensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),
FOR-OWN (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 2017 Jon Schlinkert), REACT-DOM
(Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its affiliates.), @TYPES/BABYLON-6.16.2
(Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.), DEBHELPER
(Copyright Ã‚Â© 2010 Piotr OÃ…Â¼arowski <piotr@debian.org>), IS-WINDOWS
[Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2014-2018, Jon Schlinkert.), PUG (No
copyright found), NEGOTIATOR (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico
RomeroCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), SIMPLEAPI.PY [bzr (Python)] (Copyright (c)
2007 Ian Cook and John Popplewell), BENCHMARK-IPS (Copyright (c) 2015
Evan Phoenix), REACT (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its affiliates.),
DOUBLE-ENDED-QUEUE (Copyright (c) 2013 Petka Antonov), REDIS (Copyright
(c) 2010 Matthew Ranney http://ranney.com/), CAMELCASE-5.3.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PARSEURL
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c)
2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
TIMEPARSE ((c) Will Roberts <wildwilhelm@gmail.com> 1 February, 2014),
SOCKS-PROXY-AGENT (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), HTTP2-CLIENT-1.3.2 (Copyright (c) 2019
Eyal.D <hisco@googlegroups.comÃ¢â‚¬Â¬>), RAW-BODY (Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), REGISTRY-AUTH-TOKEN
(Copyright (c) 2016 Espen Hovlandsdal), CODECLIMATE-TEST-REPORTER-0.5.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Code Climate LLC), HAS-FLAG (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PAKO (Copyright (C)
2014-2017 by Vitaly Puzrin and Andrei Tuputcyn), HOME-OR-TMP (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), NATURAL
(Copyright (c) 2011 2012 Chris Umbel Rob Ellis Russell Mull),
JSON_INDEX.RB (SDOC) [rdoc (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright 2009 Vladimir
Kolesnikov), LOOPBACK-SWAGGER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2014 2017. All
Rights Reserved.), LCID-2.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DESTROY (Copyright (c)
2014 Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), I18N (RUBY GEM) (Copyright (c)
2008 The Ruby I18n team), URI.JS V4.2.1 ((c) 2011 Gary Court. License:
http://github.com/garycourt/uri-js */), LODASH.CLONEDEEP (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright
and related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample),
POSTGRES-INTERVAL (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com>
(bendrucker.me)), JSON-SCHEMA-TRAVERSE (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin), FORWARDED (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), FIVEMAT-1.3.7 (Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Pope), ANGULAR.JS
[angular-ui-bootstrapÂ ] (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Google, Inc.),
ARGPARSE4J (Copyright (C) 2011, 2014, 2015 Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa),
END-OF-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
FAST-JSON-STABLE-STRINGIFY (No copyright found), GEMS (No Copyright
Found), MATH [Dojo] (Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu), SIMPLECOV-HTML
(Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Christoph Olszowka), MERGE-DESCRIPTORS
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CODERAY (No
copyright found), CONCURRENT_RUBY_EXT (Copyright (c) Jerry D'Antonio),
NUMERIZER-0.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Tom Preston-Werner), COMPRESSIBLE
(Copyright (c) 2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014
Jeremiah Senkpiel <fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), MIMIC-FN-2.1.0 (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), GUARD
(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil),
@TYPES/BABEL-TYPES-7.0.1 (Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All
rights reserved.), UI-SELECT (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 AngularUI),
AJV-KEYWORDS-3.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Evgeny Poberezkin), JWA-1.3.0
(Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), AGENTKEEPALIVE (Copyright(c)
node-modules and other contributors.Copyright(c) 2012 - 2015 fengmk2
<fengmk2@gmail.com>), POSTGRES-DATE-1.0.3 (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), HANDLEBARS-4.1.0 (Copyright (C)
2011-2017 by Yehuda Katz), HTTP-ERRORS (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), CI-INFO (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson
Steen), CONCOURSE (No Copyright Found), PACKAGE-JSON (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TAP-PARSER
(Required), LOOPBACK-COMPONENT-EXPLORER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013
2017. All Rights Reserved.), CONTENTLOADED (Copyright (c) 2005-2010
Diego Perini and NWBOX S.a.s.), GROWL (Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua Boy Nicolai Appelman
<joshua@jbna.nl>), IS-TYPEDARRAY (No copyright found), BYTE-SIZE
(Copyright (c) 2014-18 Lloyd Brookes <75pound@gmail.com>),
FS-READDIR-RECURSIVE-0.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), RB-INOTIFY-0.10.0 (Copyright, 2009, by [Natalie
Weizenbaum](https://github.com/nex3).Copyright, 2017, by [Samuel G. D.
Williams](http://www.codeotaku.com/samuel-williams).), HTTP-SIGNATURE
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), UTILS-MERGE (Copyright (c)
2013-2017 Jared Hanson), FPM-1.11.0 (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Jordan
Sissel and contributors.), THOR (Copyright (c) 2008 Yehuda Katz; Eric
Hodel; et al.), JSBN (Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu), ASCIIDOCTOR
(Copyright (C) 2012-2019 Dan Allen Ryan Waldron and the Asciidoctor
Project), ARR-FLATTEN [Yarn (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2014-2017, Jon
Schlinkert.), DEEP-DIFF (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Phillip Clark),
NODE-WEBSITE (Copyright (c) 2013, AndrÃ© KÃ¶nig (andre.koenig@gmail.com)),
REPEAT-STRING <HTTPS://GITHUB.COM/JONSCHLINKERT/REPEAT-STRING>
(Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon Schlinkert.), VALIDATOR-10.11.0 (Copyright
(c) 2018 Chris O'Hara <cohara87@gmail.com>), CI-INFO-2.0.0 (Copyright
(c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), ICONV-LITE (Copyright (c) 2011
Alexander Shtuchkin), TRY-RESOLVE (No copyright found), DASHDASH
(Copyright (c) 2013 Trent Mick. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2013
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), IP-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IPADDR.JS (No copyright
found), LIQUID (Copyright (c) 2005 2006 Tobias Luetke), LODASH.ASSIGN
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), KRYPTCORE (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Hiroshi
Nakamura, Martin BoÃŸlet), DETECT-NEWLINE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HTTP_PARSER.RB (Copyright
2009;2010 Marc-Andrï¿½ Cournoyer <macournoyer@gmail.com> Copyright
2010;2011 Aman Gupta <aman@tmm1.net>), IS-FULLWIDTH-CODE-POINT
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MUSTACHE-1.1.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Chris
Wanstrath), PRY-1.0.0.PRE1 (Copyright (c) 2011 John Mair
(banisterfiend)), STRONG-ERROR-HANDLER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016
2017. All Rights Reserved.), CORS (Copyright (c) 2013 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>), RSPEC-SUPPORT (Copyright ï¿½ 2013 David Chelimsky;
Myron Marston; Jon Rowe; Sam Phippen; Xavier Shay; Bradley Schaefer),
COMMONMARKER (No Copyright Found), DOCILE (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Marc
Siegel), PUG-WALK (Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay), PEACH-0.5.1
(Copyright (c) 2008 Ben Hughes), HAS-COLOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ISORELAX (Copyright (c)
2001-2002, SourceForge ISO-RELAX Project (ASAMI Tomoharu, Daisuke
Okajima, Kohsuke Kawaguchi, and MURATA Makoto)), BLOB.JS (Copyright (c)
2010 Elijah Insua), UUID (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and
other contributors), LISTEN (Copyright (c) 2013 Thibaud
Guillaume-Gentil), SAWYER (Copyright (c) 2011 rick olson), SHELLANY (No
copyright found), MENU-OVERFLOW-HANDLER (Copyright 2015, Mehdi
Dehghani), COMMANDER (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), JSONWEBTOKEN-8.5.0 (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc.
<support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), LEVEN-2.1.0 (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), WORDWRAP (No
copyright found), MANTICORE 0.6.4-JAVA (Copyright (c) 2015 Chris Heald),
BENCHMARK_SUITE-0.8.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Evan Phoenix), P-WAIT-FOR
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), FROM (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), MSPEC (Copyright (c) 2008 Engine Yard Inc. All
rights reserved.), NOTIFFANY (Copyright (c) 2014 Cezary Baginski),
RAKE-12.2.1 (Copyright (c) Jim Weirich), RB-INOTIFY (Copyright; 2009; by
Natalie Weizenbaum. Copyright; 2017; by Samuel G. D. Williams.),
MINIZLIB (Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.), GUARD-2.12.4 (Copyright (c)
2009-2014 Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil), RAKE-COMPILER (Copyright (c)
2008-2011 Luis Lavena.), SOCKS (Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Glazebrook),
LOCATE-PATH-3.0.0 (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SQUIRREL.MAC (Copyright (c) 2013 GitHub), CAMELCASE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), KRAMDOWN (No Copyright Found), EDN (Copyright (c)
2012 Relevance Inc & Clinton N. Dreisbach), NODE-REDIS-SCRIPTY-0.0.5
(Copyright (c) 2014 Geoff Wagstaff), TYPESCRIPT-NODE (Copyright (c) 2012
KAWACHI Takashi), GENFUN-5.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃƒÂ¡n),
RUFUS-SCHEDULER 3.5.2 (Copyright (c) 2005-2017, John Mettraux,
jmettraux@gmail.com), OPENER (Copyright Â© 2012â€“2018 Domenic Denicola
<d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>Copyright
Â© 2012â€“2018 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>), RECAST (Copyright (c) 2012
Ben Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>), RUFUS-SCHEDULER 3.5.0 (Copyright (c)
2005-2017, John Mettraux, jmettraux@gmail.com), RAKE-COMPILER-DOCK
(Required), HASH.JS (Copyright Fedor Indutny 2014.), IS-INTEGER (No
copyright found), UNDERSCORE.STRING (Copyright (c) 2011 Esa-Matti
Suuronen esa-matti@suuronen.org), CI_REPORTER_RSPEC (Copyright (c)
2006-2014 Nick Sieger <nicksieger@gmail.com> Copyright (c) 2014 The CI
Reporter authors), SEND (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), SOAP (Copyright (C) 2013 Vinay
Pulim), RAKE-COMPILER-DOCK (RUBY GEM) (Copyright (c) 2015 Lars Kanis),
SOURCE-MAP-SUPPORT (Copyright (c) 2014 Evan Wallace), SIMPLE_OAUTH
(Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Steve Richert; Erik Michaels-Ober), LEVEN-3.0.0
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MIME-TYPES 3 (Copyright 2003Ã¢â‚¬â€œ2015 Austin
Ziegler.), AIOSMTPLIB (Copyright (c) 2019 Cole Maclean), COMMONER
(Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>), UTIL-EXTEND
(Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), ASAP (Copyright 2009â€“2014 Contributors. All rights
reserved.), ACORN-TO-ESPRIMA-1.0.5 (Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Sebastian
McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>), @TYRIAR/FIBONACCI-HEAP (Copyright (c) 2014
Daniel Imms http://www.growingwiththeweb.com), PACOTE-9.4.0 (Copyright
(c) 2017 Kat MarchÃƒÂ¡n), GUARD-BUNDLER-2.2.1 (Copyright (c) 2010-2014
Yann Lugrin RÃƒÂ©my Coutable), REDIS-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2015
NodeRedis), MIME-DB (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), PATH-LOADER (Copyright (c) 2015 Jeremy Whitlock),
RSPEC-CORE-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Chad Humphries, David
Chelimsky,Copyright (c) 2005 The RSpec Development Team), APPRAISAL (No
Copyright Found), RSPEC-2.4.0 (Copyright (c) 2009 Chad Humphries, David
Chelimsky,Copyright (c) 2006 David Chelimsky, The RSpec Development
Team), CLI-TABLE3 (Copyright (c) 2014 James Talmage
<james.talmage@jrtechnical.com>), DEBUG (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), BABEL-PLUGIN-CONSTANT-FOLDING-1.0.1
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
PUG-LEXER (No copyright found), LATEST-VERSION (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), RAKE-COMPILER-1.0.7
(Copyright (c) 2008-2011 Luis Lavena.), LAZY-REQ (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SEQUEL 5.14.0
(Copyright (c) 2007-2008 Sharon Rosner), CONCOURSE-0.26.0 (Copyright (c)
2017 Mike Dalessio), JSTRANSFORMER (Copyright (c) 2015 Forbes Lindesay),
/SCRIPT/LICENSE.MD [squirrel.mac] (Copyright (c) 2013 Justin
Spahr-Summers), DOTENV (Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon Keepers),
GEM_PUBLISHER-1.5.0 (Copyright (C) 2014 Crown Copyright (Government
Digital Service)), LIBCIPM-3.0.3 (Copyright 2017 Kat MarchÃƒÂ¡n and
Contributors), ES6-PROMISIFY-6.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mike Hall /
Digital Design Labs), ESPURIFY (Copyright (c) Takuto Wada), GETPASS
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), READABLE-STREAM (Copyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors. All rights reserved.), SNMP 1.3.1 (No Copyright
Found), FAST-DEEP-EQUAL (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
XMLBUILDER (Copyright (c) 2013 Ozgur Ozcitak), SIMPLECOV (Copyright (c)
2010-2017 Christoph Olszowka), BABEL-PLUGIN-JSCRIPT-1.0.4 (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), ARR-DIFF [Yarn
(Node)] (Copyright (c) 2014, Jon Schlinkert.), RAKE (Copyright Â© 2003,
2004 Jon Weirch), MEMORY-PAGER (Copyright (c) 2017 Mathias Buus),
RACK-PROTECTION (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Konstantin HaaseCopyright (c)
2015-2017 Zachary Scott),
adm-zip(Copyright (c) 2012 Another-D-Mention Software and other contributors),
agent-base(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),
agentkeepalive(Copyright(c) node-modules and other contributors.Copyright(c)
2012 - 2015 fengmk2 <fengmk2@gmail.com>), ansi-regex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ansicolors(Copyright 2013 Thorsten
Lorenz.), ansistyles(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), arr-diff(Copyright (c)
2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.), array-differ(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus),
array-find-index(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), array-index(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>), array-unique(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon
Schlinkert.), async(Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Caolan McMahon), aws4(Copyright 2013
Michael Hart (michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), aws4(Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)),
babel-helper-builder-binary-assignment-operator-visitor(No copyright found),
babel-helper-call-delegate(No copyright found),
babel-helper-explode-assignable-expression(No copyright found),
babel-helper-function-name(No copyright found),
babel-helper-get-function-arity(No copyright found),
babel-helper-hoist-variables(No copyright found),
babel-helper-remap-async-to-generator(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-check-es2015-constants(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-async-functions(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-exponentiation-operator(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-syntax-trailing-function-commas(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-async-to-generator(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-destructuring(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-function-name(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-parameters(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-spread(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-sticky-regex(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-es2015-unicode-regex(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-exponentiation-operator(No copyright found),
babel-plugin-transform-strict-mode(No copyright found), base64-js(Copyright (c)
2014), bluebird(Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Petka Antonov), buffer-shims(# Copyright
(c) 2016 Calvin Metcalf), builtins(Copyright (c) 2015 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), byline((C) 2011-2015 John Hewson),
byte-size(Copyright (c) 2014-18 Lloyd Brookes <75pound@gmail.com>),
camelcase(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), camelcase-keys(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), capture-stack-trace(ï¿½ Vsevolod
Strukchinsky), cli-columns(Copyright (c) Shannon Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com>
(shannonmoeller.com)), cli-table3(Copyright (c) 2014 James Talmage
<james.talmage@jrtechnical.com>), clone(Copyright Â© 2011-2015 Paul Vorbach
<paul@vorba.ch>), columnify(Copyright (c) 2013 Tim Oxley), commander(Copyright
(c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), concat-stream(Copyright (c) 2013
Max Ogden), convert-source-map(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),
cross-spawn-async(Copyright (c) 2015 IndigoUnited),
currently-unhandled(Copyright (c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)), cyclist(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus),
d(Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), dashdash(Copyright (c)
2013 Trent Mick. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2013 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), debug(Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>),
debuglog(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), deep-extend(Copyright (c) 2013-2015  Viacheslav Lotsmanov),
defaults(Copyright (c) 2015 Elijah Insua), detect-newline(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), duplex(Copyright (c) 2012
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2012 Dominic Tarr), duplexify(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), editor(Copyright 2013 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
end-of-stream(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), end-of-stream(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), err-code(No copyright found), errs(Copyright (c) 2012 Charlie
Robbins  Nuno Job  and the Contributors.), es5-ext(Copyright (C) 2011-2015
Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), es6-iterator(Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz
Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), es6-symbol(Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), es6-symbol(Copyright (C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak
(www.medikoo.com)), extend(Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan Thomas), fbjs(Copyright (c)
2013-present  Facebook  Inc.), feature-policy(Copyright (c) 2018 Evan Hahn),
flush-write-stream(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), form-data(Copyright (c)
2012 Felix GeisendÃ¶rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors),
from2(Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy), fsevents(Copyright (C) 2010-2014 Philipp
DunkelCopyright (c) 2014  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org># Copyright (c) 2015
Calvin MetcalfCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Fork  Ltd.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit 
Inc.Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2018  Viacheslav Lotsmanov   2. Grant of
Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of   Copyright {yyyy}
{name of copyright owner}Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
&lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors    Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>Copyright (c) 2015 
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) Feross AboukhadijehCopyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
SchlueterCopyright (c) 2011 Alexander ShtuchkinCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
2013 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
2014 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent
Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) Isaac Z.
Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
2014  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors  Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors.Copyright (c)
2014  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
ContributorsCopyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
2015 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner
<me@re-becca.org>Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2013  Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2016 
ContributorsCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright Node.js
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node
contributors. All rights reserved.Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca TurnerCopyright (c) 
MapboxCopyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and ContributorsCopyright (c) 2014 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter),
generate-function(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), get-stdin(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), getpass(Copyright
Joyent  Inc. All rights reserved.), glob-base(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon
Schlinkert.), graceful-readlink(Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye Li), helmet(Copyright
(c) 2012-2018 Evan Hahn  Adam Baldwin), home-or-tmp(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), html-dom-parser(Copyright (c) 2016
Menglin "Mark" Xu <mark@remarkablemark.org>), html-react-parser(Copyright (c)
2016 Menglin "Mark" Xu <mark@remarkablemark.org>), htmlparser2(Copyright 2010 
2011  Chris Winberry <chris@winberry.net>. All rights reserved.),
http-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), humanize-ms(No copyright found),
indent-string(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ip-regex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), is-equal-shallow(Copyright (c)
2015  Jon Schlinkert.), is-my-json-valid(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
is-npm(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus), is-number(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.),
is-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
is-plain-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), is-posix-bracket(Copyright (c) 2015-2016  Jon Schlinkert.),
is-primitive(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.), is-redirect(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
is-retry-allowed(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), isomorphic-fetch(Copyright (c) 2015 Matt Andrews),
jju(Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>),
json-parse-helpfulerror(Copyright (c) 2015 Sam Mikes), jsonparse(Copyright (c)
2012 Tim Caswell), jsonparse(Copyright (c) 2012 Tim Caswell),
jsonpointer(Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt <jan@apache.org> & Marc
Bachmann <https://github.com/marcbachmann>), jsonwebtoken(Copyright (c) 2015
Auth0  Inc. <support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), lazy-property(Copyright (c)
2013 Mikola Lysenko), libcipm(Copyright 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n and Contributors),
load-json-file(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), lodash._baseindexof(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._baseuniq(Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample
code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash._bindcallback(Copyright 2012-2015 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._cacheindexof(Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash._createcache(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._createset(Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample
code are waived via CC0. Sample), lodash._getnative(Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash._root(Copyright 2012-2016 The
Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), lodash.restparam(Copyright
2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>),
lodash.union(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via
CC0. Sample), lodash.uniq(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via
CC0. Sample), lodash.without(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are waived via
CC0. Sample), loopback(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2018. All Rights Reserved.),
loud-rejection(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), lowercase-keys(ï¿½ Sindre Sorhus), map-age-cleaner(Copyright
(c) Sam Verschueren <sam.verschueren@gmail.com> (github.com/SamVerschueren)),
map-obj(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), md5-hex(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), meant(Copyright (c) 2016 DaijirÅ�
Wachi), meow(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), mime-db(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mime-db(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), mkdirp(Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
moment(Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other contributors), nan(Copyright (c)
2018 NAN contributors), nanoid(Copyright 2017 Andrey Sitnik <andrey@sitnik.ru>),
needle(Copyright (c) Fork  Ltd.), node-fetch-npm(Copyright (c) 2016 David
Frank), node-gyp(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All rights reserved.),
node-gyp(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright (c)
2009 Google Inc. All rights reserved.), node-gyp(Copyright (c) 2012 Nathan
Rajlich <nathan@tootallnate.net>Copyright (c) 2009 Google Inc. All rights
reserved.), node-uuid(Copyright (c)  2010-2012 Robert Kieffer),
object-assign(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), opener(Copyright Â© 2012â€“2018 Domenic Denicola
<d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â©
2012â€“2018 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>), options(Copyright (c) 2012 Einar
Otto Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;), os-tmpdir(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), pacote(Copyright (c) 2017 Kat
MarchÃ¡n), parallel-transform(Copyright 2013 Mathias Buus),
path-is-absolute(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), path-type(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), pause-stream(Copyright (c) 2013
Dominic Tarr   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and
conditions of   Copyright (c) 2013 Dominic Tarr), prepend-http(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), private(Copyright
(c) 2014 Ben Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>), promise(Copyright (c) 2014 Forbes
Lindesay), promise-retry(Copyright (c) 2014 IndigoUnited), protoduck(Copyright
(c) 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n), prr(Copyright (c) 2014 Rod Vagg), pump(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), pump(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), pumpify(Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), pumpify(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), q(Copyright 2009â€“2014
Kristopher Michael Kowal. All rights reserved.), query-string(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), react(Copyright (c)
2013-present  Facebook  Inc.), react-dom-core(No Copyright found),
read-pkg(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), read-pkg-up(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), readable-stream(Copyright Joyent 
Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.),
readable-stream(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.), readable-stream(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors.
All rights reserved.), readdirp(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz),
readdirp(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz), redent(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), redux(Copyright (c)
2015-present Dan Abramov), regexpu-core(Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), registry-auth-token(Copyright (c) 2016 Espen
Hovlandsdal), registry-url(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), regjsgen(Copyright 2014 Benjamin Tan <demoneaux@gmail.com>
(https://d10.github.io/)), request-progress(Copyright (c) 2012 IndigoUnited),
require-directory(Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode <troygoode@gmail.com>),
require-uncached(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), resolve-from(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), retry(Copyright (c) 2011:),
retry(Copyright (c) 2011:), right-align(Copyright (c) 2015  Jon Schlinkert.),
rimraf(Copyright 2009  2010  2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter.), saslprep(Copyright (c)
2014 Dmitry Tsvettsikh), secure-keys(No Copyright found), set-immediate-shim(ï¿½
Sindre Sorhus), sha(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay), slash(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
smart-buffer(Copyright (c) 2013 Josh Glazebrook), smtp-connection(Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Andris Reinman), socks-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), socks-proxy-agent(Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan
Rajlich &lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;), sort-keys(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), sorted-object(Copyright Â©
2014â€“2016 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me> Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar
<sam@hocevar.net>Copyright Â© 2014â€“2016 Domenic Denicola <d@domenic.me>),
sorted-union-stream(Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus), sparse-bitfield(Copyright
(c) 2016 Mathias Buus), sshpk(Copyright Joyent  Inc. All rights reserved.),
sshpk(Copyright Joyent  Inc. All rights reserved.), stack-chain(Copyright (c)
2012 Andreas Madsen), stream-combiner(Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic Tarr'),
stream-each(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Buus), stream-iterate(Copyright (c) 2015
Mathias Buus), stream-serializer(Copyright (c) 2012 'Dominic Tarr'),
strict-uri-encode(Copyright (c) Kevin MÃ¥rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>
(github.com/kevva)), strict-uri-encode(Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), string-width(Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
string_decoder(Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors.),
strip-bom(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), strip-bom(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), strip-indent(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), style-to-object(Copyright
(c) 2017 Menglin "Mark" Xu <mark@remarkablemark.org>), supports-color(Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
supports-color(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), supports-color(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), text-table(No Copyright found),
throttleit(No Copyright found), through(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright
(c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), through(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c)
2011 Dominic Tarr), tiny-relative-date(Copyright (c) 2017 Joseph Wynn),
to-utf8(No Copyright found), toidentifier(Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), traverse(Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
trim-newlines(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), trim-right(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), type-check(Copyright (c) George
Zahariev), uglify-to-browserify(Copyright (c) 2013 Forbes Lindesay),
uid2(Copyright (c) 2013 Marco Aurelio), umask(Copyright (c) 2015 Sam Mikes),
underscore(Copyright (c) 2009-2013 Jeremy Ashkenas  DocumentCloud and
Investigative), underscore(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy Ashkenas 
DocumentCloud and Investigative), underscore(Copyright (c) 2009-2014 Jeremy
Ashkenas  DocumentCloud and Investigative), underscore(Copyright (c) 2009-2015
Jeremy Ashkenas  DocumentCloud and Investigative), url(Copyright Joyent  Inc.
and other Node contributors.), url-parse-lax(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), user-home(Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), utils-merge(Copyright (c)
2013-2017 Jared Hanson), validator(Copyright (c) 2016 Chris O'Hara
<cohara87@gmail.com>), vary(Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
wcwidth(Copyright (C) 2012 by Jun Woong.), whatwg-fetch(Copyright (c) 2014-2016
GitHub  Inc.), whatwg-fetch(Copyright (c) 2014-2016 GitHub  Inc.),
widest-line(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), wordwrap(No Copyright found), worker-farm(Copyright (c)
2014 LevelUP contributors), write(Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Jon Schlinkert.),
xml2js(Copyright 2010  2011  2012  2013. All rights reserved.), yamljs(Copyright
(c) 2010 Jeremy FaivreCopyright (c) 2008-2011 Pivotal Labs), yargs(Copyright
2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)), yargs(Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)), z-schema(Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and other
contributors), underscore-contrib(Copyright (c) 2013 Jeremy Ashkenas  Michael
Fogus  DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
REGEXP [gutenberg] ((c) 2007 Steven Levithan <stevenlevithan.com>),
REACT-COLOR [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2015 Case Sandberg),
CONCEPTS/MODEL [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other
contributors), PHAR-STREAM-WRAPPER (Copyright (c) 2018 TYPO3 project -
https://typo3.org/), CLASSNAMES [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2017 Jed
Watson.), FAST-REACT-RENDER [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2016 Andrey
Morozov), JQUERY [gutenberg] ((c) jQuery Foundation), MOMENT-TIMEZONE
[gutenberg] (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other contributors),
FANCYTREE [taxonomy_manager] (No Copyright Found), CLIPBOARD.JS V2.0.4
[gutenberg] (Â© Zeno Rocha), SEMVER [drupal-scaffold] (Copyright (c) Nils
Adermann, Jordi Boggiano, Rob Bast), TINYCOLORS [gutenberg] (Copyright
(c), Brian Grinstead, http://briangrinstead.com), UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3
[gutenberg] (Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), GETALLHEADERS (Copyright (c) 2014 Ralph Khattar),
AUTOSIZE 4.0.2 [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2015 Jack Moore),
HTML5 (Copyright (c) 2013 The Authors of HTML5-PHP), IS-STREAM
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JSPRIM (Copyright (c) 2012 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), JQUERY-MOUSEWHEEL (Not Found), READER.GO [Moby] (Copyright
2012 SocialCode), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V3.2.1 (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors), POLYFILL-ICONV (Copyright (c)
2015-2019 Fabien Potencier), BABEL-PLUGIN-JSCRIPT (No copyright found),
JSON-TO-AST (Copyright (C) 2016 by Vlad Trushin), FAST-REACT-RENDER
[gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2016 Andrey Morozov), CSS-SELECTOR (Copyright
(c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), MINIMIST-OPTIONS (Copyright (c) Vadim
Demedes <vdemedes@gmail.com> (vadimdemedes.com)), @BABEL/TYPES
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
BABEL-RUNTIME (No copyright found), CROSS-SPAWN (Copyright (c) 2014
IndigoUnited), RAF (Copyright 2013 Chris Dickinson <chris@neversaw.us>),
XML (Copyright (c) 2011-2016 Dylan Greene <dylang@gmail.com>),
SEAN-/SEED -E2103E2C35297FB7E17FEBB81E49B312087A2372 (Copyright (c) 2017
Sean ChittendenCopyright (c) 2016 Alex Dadgar), PROXYQUIRE (Copyright
2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), TYOEDARRAY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2010, Linden
Research, Inc, Copyright (c) 2012, Joshua Bell), RACK-CACHE LIBRARY ((c)
Fabien Potencier fabien@symfony.com), GRAPHQL-PHP (Copyright (c)
2015-present; Webonyx; LLC.), FROM2 [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh
Kennedy), RC2 [dns] (Copyright (C) The Internet Society (1998).),
LODASH.ISLENGTH (Copyright 2012-2016 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), CRYPTO-RANDOM-STRING [npm] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
ANGULARJS-TOASTER (NODE) (Copyright 2013-2019 Jiri Kavulak, Stabzs.),
MPATH (Copyright (c) 2012 [Aaron
Heckmann](aaron.heckmann+github@gmail.com)), HTML-COMMENT-REGEX
(Copyright 2018 Steve Mao), HTTP-COOKIE (Copyright (c) 2013 Akinori
MUSHA Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Akinori MUSHA; Eric Hodel Copyright (c)
2006-2011 Aaron Patterson; Mike Dalessio), MHOLT/ARCHIVER
-E4EF56D48EB029648B0E895BB0B6A393EF0829C3 (Copyright (c) 2016 Matthew
Holt), ARRAY-DIFFER (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), OPTIONAL (Copyright 2015),
GUNICORN (2009-2018 (c) Benoï¿½t Chesneau <benoitc@e-engura.org> 2009-2015
(c) Paul J. Davis <paul.joseph.davis@gmail.com>), PROCESS-NEXTICK-ARGS
(Copyright (c) 2015 Calvin Metcalf), NORMALIZE.CSS V3.0.3 (Copyright Â©
Nicolas Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), JSTEMMER/GO-JUNIT-REPORT
(Copyright (c) 2012 Joel Stemmer),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MAILRU/EASYJSON/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), BREAKABLE
(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>),
JEHIAH/GO-STRFTIME (Copyright (c) 2012 Jehiah Czebotar), REGEXPP
(Copyright (c) 2018 Toru Nagashima), GO-WORDWRAP [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto), IS-OBJ [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BASE64.JS V 2.15
[Bootstrap] (no copyright found), AMPHP (Copyright (c) 2018 amphp),
READDIRP (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Thorsten Lorenz), GO-RC2 (Copyright
(c) 2015 Damian Gryski <damian@gryski.com>), STRETCHR/TESTIFY
-E3A8FF8CE36581F87A15341206F205B1DA467059 (Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Mat
Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), LEXICAL-SCOPE (No Copyright Found), COOKIEJAR
(Copyright (c) 2013 Bradley Meck), DUPLEXIFY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), JSON-SCHEMA (Copyright (c) 2007 Kris Zyp SitePen
(www.sitepen.com)), @BABEL/PARSER (Copyright (C) 2012-2014 by various
contributors (see AUTHORS)), BLUEBIRD-RETRY (Copyright (c) 2014 Jut
inc.), GITEA.JSON [spec] (No copyright found), GHODSS/YAML-1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2014 Sam Ghods), MAILRU/EASYJSON (Copyright (c) 2016
Mail.Ru Group), APSCHEDULER (Alex GrÃƒÂ¶nholm), FILE-EXISTS (Copyright (c)
2014 Scott Corgan), @BABEL/CODE-FRAME (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian
McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>), WEBSITE (Copyright (c) 2013 [AndrÃ©
KÃ¶nig](http://iam.andrekoenig.info)), FATIH/STRUCTS (Copyright (c) 2014
Fatih Arslan), D (Copyright (C) 2013 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),
NORMALISE.CSS V3.0.3 (No Copyright Found), ESCAPE-STRING-REGEXP [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), UNICODE-MATCH-PROPERTY-VALUE-ECMASCRIPT (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), DEEP-EXTEND (Copyright (c)
2013-2018, Viacheslav Lotsmanov), OS-TMPDIR [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), RXJS-FETCH (NODE)
(Copyright (c) 2016 tangledfruit.), X86 FOREIGN FUNCTION INTERFACE FOR
FREEBSD [Python] (Copyright (c) 1996, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005 Red
Hat, Inc. Copyright (c) 2008 BjÃƒÂ¶rn KÃƒÂ¶nig), DECODE-URI-COMPONENT [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sam Verschueren <sam.verschueren@gmail.com>
(github.com/SamVerschueren)), Q (Copyright 2009â€“2014 Kristopher Michael
Kowal. All rights reserved.), BUILDR (NODE) (Copyright 2011 [Benjamin
Arthur Lupton](http://balupton.com)), WHATWG-FETCH (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 GitHub Inc.), GO-VHD [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015 Sergio
Rubio), DEEPMERGE (Copyright (c) 2012 Nicholas Fisher), PERSISTENCE
(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), RSPEC-WAIT (Copyright (c)
2014 Steve Richert), EMITTERC.GO [yaml.v2] (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill
Simonov), RESPOND.JS V1.4.2 (Copyright 2013 Scott Jehl), PARSERC.GO
[yaml.v2] (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), STRIP-EOF (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ADDRESSING
(Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Bojan Zivanovic and contributors), REDUX
(Copyright (c) 2015-present Dan Abramov), BABEL-PLUGIN-CONSTANT-FOLDING
(No copyright found), RESOLVE (No copyright found), SERVE-STATIC
(Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright
(c) 2011 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher
Wilson), JQUERY.UI.SLIDER.PIPS (Not Found), FAST-REDACT (Copyright (c)
2019-2020 David Mark Clements),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/EMICKLEI/GO-RESTFUL-SWAGGER12/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), GOT [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), P-FINALLY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LOOPBACK-BOOT (Copyright
(c) IBM Corp. 2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.), JQUERY 3.2.1 (Copyright
JS Foundation and other contributors,), ONSI/GOMEGA
-DCABB60A477C2B6F456DF65037CB6708210FBB02 (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi
Fakhouri),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MITCHELLH/GO-WORDWRAP/LICENSE.MD
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), @BABEL/HIGHLIGHT
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
JQUERY.FLOT.RESIZE.JS [Flot] (Copyright (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman),
@AVA/BABEL-PRESET-TRANSFORM-TEST-FILES (Copyright (c) Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), SEMVER [drupal-scaffold]
(Copyright (c) 2014 Benedikt Lang <github at benediktlang.de>),
REPEATING (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), COPYING [Python] (Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Thai Open
Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper Copyright (c) 2001-2017
Expat maintainers), DEEP-COPY (Copyright (c) 2013 My C-Sense),
STRIP-INDENT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JQUERY V3.1.1 (No Copyright Found), VENDORS
(Copyright (c) 2016 Titus Wormer <tituswormer@gmail.com>), P-TRY
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), GENTRAMP.SH [Python] (Copyright (c) 2010, Plausible
Labs Cooperative, Inc.), INQUIRER (Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias), X
WINDOW SYSTEM LICENSE - X11R6.4 [Python] (Copyright (c) 1998 The Open
Group), ANGULAR-UI-VALIDATE (Copyright (c) 2015 AngularUI),
SWAGGER-METHODS (Copyright (c) 2015 James Messinger), KICKASS V1.15.0
(Copyright (c) 2016 Federico Zivolo and contributors),
CSS-SELECTOR-TOKENIZER (Copyright 2015 Tobias Koppers), DELAYED-STREAM
(Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited <felix@debuggable.com>), ENCODING
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Andris Reinman), COLOR-NAME [npm] (Copyright
(c) 2015 Dmitry Ivanov), PATH-IS-ABSOLUTE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BEORN7/PERKS
3AC7BF7A47D159A033B107610DB8A1B6575507A4 (Copyright (C) 2013 Blake
Mizerany), JWT-DECODE (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc. <support@auth0.com>
(http://auth0.com)), EVAL (Copyright (c) 2012 Pierre Curto), IS-PROPERTY
[npm] (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola Lysenko), PIFY (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HTTP (Copyright (c)
2011-2016 Tony Arcieri; Erik Michaels-Ober; Alexey V. Zapparov; Zachary
Anker), STRIP-JSON-COMMENTS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), THE BUFFER MODULE FROM
NODE.JS [Bootstrap] (No copyright found), LODASH.DEFAULTSDEEP (Copyright
jQuery Foundation and other contributors), METHOD_SOURCE (Copyright (c)
2011 John Mair (banisterfiend)), FILL-RANGE (Copyright (c) 2014-2018,
Jon Schlinkert.), TABLEWRITER (Copyright 2014 Oleku Konko All rights
reserved.), NODEJS (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.), MAP-OBJ (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PROP-TYPES (Copyright (c)
2013-present; Facebook; Inc.), CALLSITES (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CONFIG-OPS.JS (Copyright
(c) 2012 Nicholas Fisher), USER-HOME (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/BOLTDB/BOLT/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), NORMALIZE.CSS
V2.0.1 (No Copyright Found), OBJECT.KEYS(CODES) (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SCANNERC.GO
[yaml.v2] (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), LCID (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
JQUERY.MOUSEWHEEL.MIN.JS [Flot] (Copyright (c) 2011 Brandon Aaron
(http://brandonaaron.net)), TZINFO-DATA (Copyright (c) 2005-2018 Philip
Ross),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ONSI/GINKGO/REPORTERS/STENOGRAPHER/SUPPORT/GO-COLORABLE/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), RUAMEL.YAML
(Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Anthon van der Neut Ruamel bvba), FILESYSTEM
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), ARGS (Copyright (c) 2016
Leonard Lamprecht), ESLINT-UTILS (Copyright (c) 2018 Toru Nagashima),
REFLECTION-DOCBLOCK (Copyright (c) 2010 Mike van Riel), FSMONITOR (No
Copyright Found), UNDERSCORE.JS [backbone.js] ((c) 2009-2015 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
SWIFTMAILER (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Fabien Potencier), VAX/ELFBSD.S
[ffi (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright (c) 2013 Miodrag Vallat.
<miod@openbsd.org>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/VBOM.ML/UTIL/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CLONE [npm]
(Copyright Â© 2011-2015 [Paul Vorbach]), CONCAT-STREAM (Copyright (c)
2013 Max Ogden), PROMPT-PASSWORD (Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), TRANSLATION (Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier),
PHP-ENCRYPTION (Copyright (c) 2016 Taylor Hornby),
COPY-CONCURRENTLY/NODE_MODULES/IFERR [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav
Ivgi), INVERT-KV (No copyright found), PARSE-JSON (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SNMP (Copyright (c)
2004-2014 David R. Halliday), DOT-PROP [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), QUERYSTRING-BROWSER
(Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias Rasmussen), JQUERY FORM 4.2.2 (Copyright
2017 Kevin Morris Copyright 2006 M. Alsup), SECURETRANSPORT (Copyright
(c) 2015-2016 Will Bond), TMP (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 KARASZI Istvan
<github@spam.raszi.hu>), NORMALIZE (Not Found), PETERBOURGON/DISKV
(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter Bourgon), NAN (Copyright (c) 2018 NAN
contributors), FLOT (Copyright (c) 2007-2014 IOLA and Ole Laursen),
PERFOMANCE-NOW [npm] (Copyright (c) 2017 Braveg1rl), GHERKIN (Copyright
(c) Cucumber Ltd, Gaspar Nagy, BjÃ¶rn Rasmusson, Peter Sergeant), ERRLOP
(Copyright &copy; 2018+ Benjamin Lupton), HTTPCACHE [kubernetes]
(Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones (greg.jones@gmail.com)), RUN-ASYNC
(Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Boudrias), WRITE (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/XYPROTO/SIMPLEREDIS/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CLI (Copyright
(c) 2010 Chris O'Hara <cohara87@gmail.com>), HAMCREST-CORE (Copyright
(c) 2000-2006, www.hamcrest.org All rights reserved.), ISOBJECT
(Copyright (c) 2014-2017, Jon Schlinkert.), BOOTSTRAP V3.3.7 (Copyright
2011-2016 Twitter, Inc.), LOOPBACK-CONNECTOR (Copyright (c) IBM Corp.
2014 2016. All Rights Reserved.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ONSI/GOMEGA/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), MANTICORE
(Copyright (c) 2015 Chris Heald), NODE-INSPECT [NodeJS] (Copyright
Node.js contributors. All rights reserved.), XMLHTTPREQUEST (Copyright
(c) 2010 passive.ly LLC), POLYFILL-PHP72 (Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Fabien
Potencier), RSPEC-MOCKS (Copyright (c) 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec
Development Team;Copyright (c) 2005 Steven Baker), READ-PKG (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DIR-GLOB
(Copyright (c) Kevin MÃ¥rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com>
(github.com/kevva)), ONSI/GINKGO
-11459A886D9CD66B319DAC7EF1E917EE221372C9 (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi
Fakhouri), ATTRS (Copyright (c) 2015 Hynek Schlawack), POLYFILL-PHP70
(Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Fabien Potencier), ANGULAR (Copyright (c) 2016
Angular), QUNIT.JS [backbone.js] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), INSTALL [Python] (Copyright (C) 1994 X Consortium),
@BABEL/HELPER-GET-FUNCTION-ARITY (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors), BABEL-PLUGIN-PROTO-TO-ASSIGN (No
copyright found), HAR-VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2018 Ahmad Nassri
<ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>), UA-PARSER-JS (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Faisal
Salman <<f@faisalman.com>>), MONOKAI-SUBLIME.CSS [highlight.js]
(Copyright (c) 2016 Mohamed Gharib), REGEXP [gutenberg] ((c) 2007 Steven
Levithan <stevenlevithan.com>), CONVERSIONS (No Copyright Found),
METRIKS (Copyright (c) 2012 Eric Lindvall), LIBFFI [ffi (Ruby Gem)]
(Copyright (c) 2011, 2014 Anthony Green Copyright (c) 1996-2003, 2007,
2008 Red Hat, Inc.), FINALHANDLER (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), BABEL-PLUGIN-ESPOWER
(Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Takuto Wada
https://github.com/power-assert-js/babel-plugin-espower), PINO
(Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Matteo Collina and the Pino contributors),
CATERPILLAR (Copyright (c) 2012+ Bevry Pty Ltd <us@bevry.me>Copyright
(c) 2011 Benjamin Lupton <b@lupton.cc>), INDEX.JS [npm] (Copyright (c)
2014 Mega Limited), RSPEC (Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky ;Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team
;Copyright ï¿½ 2005 Steven Baker), READERC.GO [yaml.v2] (Copyright (c)
2006 Kirill Simonov),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ONSI/GINKGO/REPORTERS/STENOGRAPHER/SUPPORT/GO-ISATTY/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
SORTED-UNION-STREAM [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Hugh Kennedy),
NPM-RUN-PATH (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CRYPTO-BROWSERIFY (No Copyright Found), PUNYCODE
V1.4.1 (@mathias), EMITTERY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), AJV (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Evgeny Poberezkin), INIT V1.0.0 (No copyright Found),
MOMENT-TIMEZONE (Copyright (c) JS Foundation and other contributors),
ALPHA FOREIGN FUNCTION INTERFACE [Python] (Copyright (c) 2011 Anthony
Green Copyright (c) 1996-2003, 2007, 2008 Red Hat, Inc),
FILE-ENTRY-CACHE (Copyright (c) 2015 Roy Riojas), ES6-SYMBOL (Copyright
(C) 2013-2015 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), JMHODGES/CLOCK -1.1
(Copyright Ã‚Â© 2014 Jeff Hodges <jeff@somethingsimilar.com>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/UGORJI/GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CACHETOOLS
(Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Thomas Kemmer), UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 ((c)
2009-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters &
Editors), EXTERNAL-EDITOR (Copyright (c) 2016 Kevin Gravier), JQUERY
ONCE V2.2.0 (No Copyright Found), ESM (Copyright esm contributors),
LODASH/ UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), NORMALIZE-PATH (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Jon
Schlinkert.), NOKOGIRI (Copyright 2008 -- 2018 by Aaron Patterson; Mike
Dalessio; Charles Nutter; Sergio Arbeo; Patrick Mahoney; Yoko Harada;
Akinori MUSHA; John Shahid; Lars Kanis), UNZIP-RESPONSE [npm] (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
DGRIJALVA/JWT-GO-3.2.0 (Copyright (c) 2012 Dave Grijalva),
KBALLARD/GO-SHELLQUOTE (Copyright (C) 2014 Kevin Ballard), FLATSTR
(Copyright (c) 2016 David Mark Clements), ERROR-INJECT (No copyright
found), BABEL-PLUGIN-EVAL (No copyright found), JQUERY V1.10.2
[Bootstrap] ((c) 2005, 2013 jQuery Foundation, Inc.),
JQUERY.TREEVIEW.CSS (Copyright JÃ¶rn Zaefferer),
ESLINT-RESTRICTED-GLOBALS (Required), PIP (Copyright (c) Donald Stufft
and individual contributors.), CLDR-DATA (Copyright (c) 2013 Rafael
Xavier de Souza http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), YACRON (Copyright (c)
2017 Gambit Research),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/BITBUCKET.ORG/BERTIMUS9/SYSTEMSTAT/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), 0DOC.GO [Moby]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke.), TYPE-DETECT (Copyright (c) 2013
Jake Luer <jake@alogicalparadox.com> (http://alogicalparadox.com)),
IS-BUILTIN-MODULE [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BUFFER [NodeJS] (Copyright
(c) Feross Aboukhadijeh and other contributors.), DOMREADY (Copyright
(c) Dustin Diaz 2014), ANGULAR-MESSAGES (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
APIC (Copyright (c) 2012 Christian Sullivan &lt;cs@euforic.co&gt;),
COFFEE-SCRIPT (Copyright (c) 2009-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/CODEGANGSTA/NEGRONI/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), JS-TOKENS
(Copyright (c) 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Simon Lydell),
@BABEL/HELPER-EXPLODE-ASSIGNABLE-EXPRESSION (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), SIZZLE.JS [backbone.js]
(Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other contributors), QUERYSTRING
(Copyright 2012 Irakli Gozalishvili. All rights reserved.), GENFUN [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃƒÂ¡n), .SPECS [ffi (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright
(c) 2008-2012 Ruby-FFI contributors), NODE-FETCH (Copyright (c) 2016
David Frank), JSONSCHEMA-DRAFT4 (Copyright (c) 2016 Kogo Software LLC),
BINARY-EXTENSIONS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), REGENERATOR-RUNTIME (No Copyright Found),
BABEL-PLUGIN-REMOVE-CONSOLE (No copyright found), DEEP-EQL (copyright(c)
2013 Jake Luer, jake@alogicalparadox.com), PROXY-ADDR (Copyright (c)
2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson), TYPE-IS (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CPUGUY83/GO-MD2MAN-1.0.7
(Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff), PHP-SIMPLE-HTML-DOM-PARSER (Copyright
(c) 2019 Jakub Stawowy),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MREIFERSON/GO-HTTPCLIENT/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), BIG.JS (Copyright
(c) 2018 Michael Mclaughlin), PRETTY-MS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JQUERY UI TOUCH PUNCH
0.2.3 (Copyright 2011Ã¢Â€Â“2014, Dave Furfero),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-TRANSFORM-DOTALL-REGEX (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors),
BOOTSTRAP-3.3.5/DOCS/ASSETS/JS/CUSTOMIZE.MIN.JS; LINES 2-10 [Bootstrap]
(Feross Aboukhadijeh <feross@feross.org>), JAR-DEPENDENCIES (Copyright
(c) 2014 Christian Meier), SUPERAGENT (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), TARGZ (Copyright (c) 2015 Miska Kaipiainen),
LODASH._BASEASSIGN (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), SERIALIZER (Copyright (c) 2004-2019
Fabien Potencier), JQUERY TREETABLE PLUGIN 3.2.0 (Copyright 2013, Ludo
van den Boom), JQUERY [Esprima (node)] (Copyright 2012 - 2013 jQuery
Foundation and other contributors), GLOBALIZE (Copyright JS Foundation
and other contributors https://js.foundationCopyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), SLOP (Copyright (c) 2012
Lee Jarvis), JSONWEBTOKEN (Copyright (c) 2015 Auth0 Inc.
<support@auth0.com> (http://auth0.com)), GRUNT (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/), MIME-TYPES
(Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), REDUX-PROMISE
(Copyright (c) Andrew Clark), ETCD-IO/BBOLT
48EA1B39C25FC1BAB3506FBC712ECBAA842C4D2D (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben
Johnson), MATTN/GO-ISATTY (Copyright (c) Yasuhiro MATSUMOTO
<mattn.jp@gmail.com>), LODASH.PICK (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), URLLIB3 (Copyright (c)
2008-2019 Andrey Petrov and contributors (see CONTRIBUTORS.txt)), ATTR
(Copyright (C) 2013-2017 by Denis Ryzhkov <denisr@denisr.com>),
DEEP-EQUAL (No copyright found), JQUERY FORM PLUGIN V4.2.2 (Copyright
2017 Kevin Morris), XVFB-MAYBE (Copyright (c) 2016 Paul Betts),
STRETCHR/TESTIFY -C679AE2CC0CB27EC3293FEA7E254E47386F05D69 (Copyright
(c) 2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), PREPEND-HTTP [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), BRACE-EXPANSION (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Gruber
<julian@juliangruber.com>), PACOTE (Copyright (c) 2017 Kat MarchÃ¡n),
REGENERATOR (Copyright (c) 2014-present Facebook Inc.), LODASH /
UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 (SINON-7.3.2) (Copyright JS Foundation and other
contributors Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative
Reporters & Editors), LODASH.ISARRAY (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), GO-SQLITE3 [Moby] (Copyright
(C) 2014 Yasuhiro Matsumoto <mattn.jp@gmail.com>.), REACT-ROUTER-DOM
(Copyright (c) React Training 2016-2018), NORMALIZE.CSS 3.0.3
[Bootstrap] (No copyright statement found), NEEDLE (Copyright (c) Fork
Ltd.), REQUIREFRESH (Copyright 2013 Bevry Pty Ltd), HTTP-FOUNDATION
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), IS-DOTFILE (Copyright (c)
2015-2017, Jon Schlinkert.), YARGS (Copyright 2010 James Halliday
(mail@substack.net)), GOLANG-SET [Moby] (Copyright (c) 2013 Ralph
Caraveo (deckarep@gmail.com)), REACT-COLOR [gutenberg] (Copyright (c)
2015 Case Sandberg), TZLOCAL (Copyright 2011-2017 Lennart Regebro),
@BABEL/HELPER-BUILDER-BINARY-ASSIGNMENT-OPERATOR-VISITOR (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
JSON-SCHEMA-GENERATOR (Copyright (c) 2014 krg7880), CREATE-ERROR-CLASS
[npm] (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), STRINGSET (Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>), FSEVENTS (Copyright (C) 2010-2019 by Philipp
Dunkel Ben Noordhuis Elan Shankar), ACORN (Copyright (C) 2012-2018 by
various contributors (see AUTHORS)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SPF13/JWALTERWEATHERMAN/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), LAZY-PROPERTY
[npm] (Copyright (c) 2013 Mikola Lysenko), NAUGHT (Copyright (c) 2013
Avdi Grimm), GRACEFUL-READLINK [npm] (Copyright (c) 2015 Zhiye Li),
IS-CI (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen), MERGE (Copyright
(c) 2014 yeikos), CONVERT-SOURCE-MAP (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.),
GENERATE-OBJECT-PROPERTY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
P-IS-PROMISE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), API (No Copyright Found), BODY-PARSER (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), TESTIFY
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and Tyler Bunnell),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-PROPOSAL-ASYNC-GENERATOR-FUNCTIONS (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), CACHE (Copyright
(c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), SCHOLLZ/PROGRESSBAR (Copyright (c) 2017
Zack), UGORJI-GO [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/EMICKLEI/GO-RESTFUL/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GOPKG.IN/NATEFINCH/LUMBERJACK.V2/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), STRETCHR/TESTIFY
-F6ABCA593680B2315D2075E0F5E2A9751E3F431A (Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Mat
Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), GO-WINIO [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015
Microsoft), OPENAPI-SCHEMA-VALIDATION (Copyright (c) 2016 Kogo Software
LLC), SLUGIFY (Copyright (c) Simeon Velichkov
<simeonvelichkov@gmail.com>), BALANCED-MATCH (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;), MARKDOWN-IT (Copyright (c) 2014
Vitaly Puzrin Alex Kocharin.), SIRUPSEN/LOGRUS (Copyright (c) 2014 Simon
Eskildsen), JQUERY.EASING (Copyright Â© 2008 George McGinley Smith),
PYYAML (Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Ingy dÃ¶t Net Copyright (c) 2006-2016
Kirill Simonov), DIFF-LCS (Copyright 2004 Austin Ziegler
<diff-lcs@halostatue.ca>), BABEL-PLUGIN-UNDEFINED-TO-VOID (No copyright
found), NODE-READFILES (Copyright (c) 2016 Alejandro Gonzalez
<guatedude2@hotmial.com>), VIVIDCORTEX/EWMA (Copyright (c) 2013
VividCortex), GRAPHIQL (Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its
affiliates.), RSPEC-EXPECTATIONS (Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky ;Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development Team
;Copyright ï¿½ 2005 Steven Baker), ULTRON (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io
Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.), BABEL-PLUGIN-DEAD-CODE-ELIMINATION
(No copyright found), ISOMORPHIC-FORM-DATA (Copyright (c) 2012 Felix
GeisendÃ¶rfer (felix@debuggable.com) and contributors), TRYOR (Copyright
(c) 2013 Olov Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>), PARENT-MODULE (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
@BABEL/HELPER-SIMPLE-ACCESS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie
and other contributors), PROMISE-FS (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Nick K.),
CODE-ERROR-FRAGMENT (Copyright (c) 2017 Vlad Trushin), COLORS (Copyright
(c) Marak Squires Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SANITIZED_ANCHOR_NAME [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2015 Dmitri Shuralyov), JQUERY V1.11.2 [Bootstrap] ((c) 2005, 2014
jQuery Foundation, Inc.), PROMISE-POLYFILL (Copyright (c) 2014 Taylor
HakesCopyright (c) 2014 Forbes Lindesay), ROUTING (Copyright (c)
2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), JQUERY V1.11.3 [popper.js] ((c) 2005, 2015
jQuery Foundation, Inc.), LODASH.KEYS (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), OBJX [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2014 Stretchr, Inc.), MASTERMINDS/SEMVER (Copyright (C) 2014-2015;
Matt Butcher and Matt Farina), BUILDER (Copyright (c) 2003-2012 Jim
Weirich (jim.weirich@gmail.com)), GO-ISSATY [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
Yasuhiro MATSUMOTO <mattn.jp@gmail.com>), DOM-SERIALIZER (Copyright (c)
2014 The cheeriojs contributors), BACKBONE [Esprima (node)] (Copyright
(c) 2010 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/INFLUXDATA/INFLUXDB/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), ANGULAR-MATERIAL
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Google Inc. http://angularjs.org), DRUPAL
(NODE) (Copyright (c) 2011 Mikkel Hoegh), COFFEESCRIPT (No copyright
found), BINDINGS.PY [Pip] (Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Will Bond
<will@wbond.net>), HTTP_PARSER [NodeJS] (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and
other Node contributors.), ARRAY-FROM (Copyright Â© 2015-2016 Studio B12
GmbH), DEDENT [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015 Peter RenstrÃ¶m),
@BABEL/RUNTIME (Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other
contributors), INSTALL-SH [ffi (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), CCACHE [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Karl Seguin.),
RESTORE-CURSOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @AVA/BABEL-PRESET-STAGE-4 (Copyright (c) Mark
Wubben <mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)), BUILTINS [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2015 Julian Gruber <julian@juliangruber.com>),
CONTAINS-PATH (Copyright (c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), SHELL-QUOTE
(Required), COLORSPACE (Copyright (c) 2015 Arnout Kazemier Martijn
Swaagman the Contributors.), MAKE-DIR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/XIANG90/PROBING/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), INLINE-SOURCE-MAP
(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), REACT-COPY-TO-CLIPBOARD (Copyright
(c) 2016 Nik Butenko),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ASASKEVICH/GOVALIDATOR/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), THROUGH
(Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr),
ANGULAR-UI-BOOTSTRAP (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2012-2017 the AngularUI
Team), REQUIRE.JS [backbone.js] (Copyright (c) 2010-2012, The Dojo
Foundation All Rights Reserved.), JSON-PROMISE (Copyright (c) 2014
kirk7880), TILT (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Ryan Tomayko
<http://tomayko.com/about>), @BABEL/HELPERS (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), NG-RESIZE (Copyright (c)
2017 danmasta), FLUSH-WRITE-STREAM [npm] (Copyright (c) 2015 Mathias
Buus),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ARMON/CIRCBUF/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), QUNIT 1.13.0
[Bootstrap] (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
LRU_REDUX (Copyright (c) 2013 Sam Saffron), BABEL-POLYFILL (Required),
STRING_DECODER (Copyright Node.js contributors. All rights
reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights
reserved.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/DGRIJALVA/JWT-GO/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), RFILE (No
Copyright Found), ES5-SHIM [Bootstrap] (No copyright found),
@BABEL/HELPER-MODULE-IMPORTS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie
and other contributors), CLI-COLUMNS [npm] (Copyright (c) Shannon
Moeller <me@shannonmoeller.com> (shannonmoeller.com)), YAML (Copyright
(c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), ASSERT-PLUS (Copyright (c) 2012 Mark
Cavage), CRON [kubernetes] (Copyright (C) 2012 Rob Figueired),
STRIP-ANSI (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SUPERFISH.MODULE (Not Found), REFLECTION (Copyright
(c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), SQLITE (Copyright (c) 2015-present
Kriasoft. All rights reserved.), MATTN/GO-SHELLWORDS (Copyright (c) 2017
Yasuhiro Matsumoto), BLUEBIRD (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Petka Antonov),
ZERORPC (No Copyright Found), UNDERSCORE.JS V1.8.3 (Copyright Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors),
INSTANTIATOR (Copyright (c) 2014 Doctrine Project), CHALK (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), INFLECTOR
(Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), QUICK-FORMAT-UNESCAPED
(Copyright (c) 2016-2019 David Mark Clements), QUICK-LRU (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BOLT
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Johnson), FUNCTION PROCESS
[Bootstrap] (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.),
MITCHELLH/MAPSTRUCTURE -BF4A414708FC0BD342B09BA68BDB9E0B90AD849B
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), WEBMOZART-ASSERT (Copyright (c)
2014 Bernhard Schussek), PSL (Copyright (c) 2017 Lupo Montero
lupomontero@gmail.com), TREEVIEW 1.4.1 [tools] (Copyright (c) 2007 JÃ¶rn
Zaefferer), CLDR-DATA-DOWNLOADER (Copyright (c) 2013 Rafael Xavier de
Souza http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), TINS (Copyright (c) 2010 Florian
Frank), AVA (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @BABEL/PLUGIN-TRANSFORM-ASYNC-TO-GENERATOR
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
IS-BUFFER (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), SLICK.LIBRARIES.YAML
(Copyright (c) 2013-2016), SHEBANG-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SPEC/MSPEC/README.MD
[ruby] (Copyright (c) 2008 Engine Yard, Inc. All rights reserved.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SHURCOOL/SANITIZED_ANCHOR_NAME/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), ABSTRACT-LOGGING
(No copyright found), OBJECT-KEYS (Copyright (C) 2013 Jordan Harband),
LEGAL, EXPAT [Python] (Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper), ACORN-TO-ESPRIMA (Copyright (c)
2014-2015 Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>), HUANDU/XSTRINGS
(Copyright (c) 2015 Huan Du), GOVALIDATOR [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2013 Armon Dadgar), DRACULA-THEME 1.2.0 [highlight.js] (Copyright 2015,
All rights reserved.), JQUERY.EVENT.DRAG.JS [Flot] (Copyright (c) 2008,
Three Dub Media (http://threedubmedia.com)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/KR/PTY/LICENSE [kubernetes]
(Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), IS-RETRY-ALLOWED [npm]
(Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky <floatdrop@gmail.com>
(github.com/floatdrop)), RACK (Copyright (C) 2007-2019 Leah Neukirchen
<http://leahneukirchen.org/infopage.html>), ANGULAR-TRANSLATE (Copyright
(c) 2013-2017 The angular-translate team and Pascal Precht), YAML-LOADER
(Copyright (c) 2014 Andrey Okonetchnikov), HTMLPARSER2 (Copyright 2010
2011 Chris Winberry <chris@winberry.net>. All rights reserved.),
MITCHELLH/GO-WORDWRAP (Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto),
BABEL-ESLINT (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Sebastian McKenzie
<sebmck@gmail.com>), LEGAL, TEST_EPOLL [Python] (Copyright (c) 2001-2006
Twisted Matrix Laboratories.), ROBFIG/CRON (Copyright (C) 2012 Rob
Figueiredo), COLORS/LIB/SYSTEM/SUPPORTS-COLORS.JS [npm] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JS-YAML
(Copyright (C) 2011-2015 by Vitaly Puzrin), JSONPCALLBACKVALIDATOR ((c)
William Durand <william.durand1@gmail.com>), JSON-SCHEMA-REF-PARSER
(Copyright (c) 2015 James Messinger), PHP-CONSOLE-HIGHLIGHTER (Copyright
(c) 2013 Jakub Onderka), PTY (Copyright (c) 2011 Keith Rarick), SWAGGER
PETSTORE V1.0.0 [go-openapi/spec] (No Copyright Found), CONCAT-MAP (No
copyright found), PATH-EXISTS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), QUNITJS (No Copyright
Found), JSONFILE-UPDATER (Copyright (c) 2017 Hage Yaapa), WORD-COUNT (No
copyright found), ARRAY-INCLUDES (Copyright (C) 2015 Jordan Harband),
REDENT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), DATEFORMAT ((c) 2007-2009 Steven Levithan
stevenlevithan.com), REGEXP-CLONE (Copyright (c) 2013 [Aaron
Heckmann](aaron.heckmann+github@gmail.com)), HAPI-PINO (Copyright (c)
2016 Matteo Collina), CAMELCASE-KEYS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), LODASH.FLATTENDEEP
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors), MODULE-DEPS (No
Copyright Found), MINIMATCH (Copyright 2009; 2010; 2011 Isaac Z.
Schlueter.), BACKPORTS (Copyright (c) 2009 Marc-Andre Lafortune),
BROWSER-KIT (Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier),
BABEL-PLUGIN-RUNTIME (No copyright found), REDIS (Copyright (c) 2009
Ezra Zygmuntowicz), CAST [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Steve
Francia), MATH-RANDOM (No copyright found), MULTIMATCH (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
@BABEL/HELPER-REMAP-ASYNC-TO-GENERATOR (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), COLLECTIONS (Copyright (c)
2006-2013 Doctrine Project), RANDOMSTRING (Copyright (c) 2012 Elias
Klughammer), SERENIZE/SNAKER -A683AAF2D516DEECD70CAD0C72E3CA773ECFCEF0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Serenize UG (haftungsbeschrÃƒÂ¤nkt)), DEEPCOPY
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Joel), STRINGMAP (Copyright (c) 2013
Olov Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/EXPONENT-IO/JSONPATH/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), PAKO (Copyright
(C) 2014-2017 by Vitaly Puzrin and Andrei Tuputcyn), POLYFILL-INTL-ICU
(Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Fabien Potencier), HOME-OR-TMP (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), CLI-SPINNERS
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), FBJS (Copyright (c) 2013-present Facebook Inc.),
MINIMIST (No copyright found), POSTGRES-INTERVAL (Copyright (c) Ben
Drucker <bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), YAMLPRIVATEH.GO
[yaml.v2] (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), EACHR (<ul><li>Copyright
&copy; 2011+ <a href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty Ltd</a></li></ul>),
JSON-SCHEMA-TRAVERSE (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny Poberezkin),
JQUERY.JOYRIDE 2.1.0.1 (Not Found), ANGULAR-HIGHLIGHTJS (Copyright (c)
2013 Robin Fan),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/RENSTROM/DEDENT/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), ANGULAR-RESOURCE
(Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), IRREGULAR-PLURALS (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IMURMURHASH [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2013 Gary Court, Jens Taylor), CSS VENDOR (copyright Oleg
Slobodskoi 2015), FAST-JSON-STABLE-STRINGIFY (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin Copyright (c) 2013 James Halliday), REGENERATE (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), ESLINT-IMPORT-RESOLVER-NODE
(Copyright (c) 2015 Ben Mosher), MODERNIZR 3.0.0 PRE (CUSTOM BUILD) (No
copyright found), REPEAT-STRING (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon
Schlinkert.), DEFAULT-REQUIRE-EXTENSIONS (Copyright (c) Node.js
contributors James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GOOGLE.GOLANG.ORG/API/GOOGLEAPI/INTERNAL/URITEMPLATES/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-PROPOSAL-OBJECT-REST-SPREAD (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), TOUGH-COOKIE (Copyright
GoInstant Inc. and other contributors. All rights reserved. // Portions
created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2007), AST-TRAVERSE
(Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>), LOG (Copyright
(c) 2012 PHP Framework Interoperability Group), JSCS (Copyright
2013-2016 Dulin Marat and other contributors), GOMEGA [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri), HSSSHIM [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2015 Microsoft), PHPDOCUMENTOR (Copyright 2017 Mike van Riel),
MODULELOADER [tools] (Copyright (c) 2016 Guy Bedford, Luke Hoban, Addy
Osmani), CI-INFO (Copyright (c) 2016-2018 Thomas Watson Steen),
NCONF-YAML (Copyright (c) 2014 Your Name with optional email),
ANGULAR-ANIMATE (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular), HELMET (Copyright (c)
2012-2019 Evan Hahn Adam Baldwin), ISARRAY (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber &lt;julian@juliangruber.com&gt;),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/STRETCHR/OBJX/LICENSE.MD
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GOPKG.IN/YAML.V2/LICENSE.LIBYAML
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), BUFFER MODULE
((c) Feross Aboukhadijeh), POSIX-GETOPT (Copyright (c) 2013 Joyent Inc.
All rights reserved.), GROWL (Copyright (c) 2009 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2016 Joshua Boy Nicolai Appelman
<joshua@jbna.nl>), GORAPH (Copyright (c) 2014 Amit Kumar Gupta), GRAPHQL
(Copyright (c) Facebook Inc. and its affiliates.), BUFFER MODULE FROM
NODE.JS [Bootstrap] (No copyright found), @OCTETSTREAM/PROMISIFY
(Copyright (c) 2017 Nick K.), EDITOR [npm] (By James Halliday), JSBN
(Copyright (c) 2003-2005 Tom Wu), POPPER.JS (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2016 Federico
Zivolo and contributors), JQUERY-MOBILE [Esprima (node)] (Copyright
2011, The Dojo Foundation), POSTGRES-DATE (Copyright (c) Ben Drucker
<bvdrucker@gmail.com> (bendrucker.me)), ARR-FLATTEN (Copyright (c)
2014-2017, Jon Schlinkert.), SIMPLE-FMT (Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>), LAZYBIRD (Copyright (c) 2014 Assaf Arkin),
ICONV-LITE (Copyright (c) 2011 Alexander Shtuchkin),
SPDX-EXPRESSION-PARSE [npm] (By Kyle E. Mitchell), TRY-RESOLVE
(Required), IP-REGEX [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), IPADDR.JS (Copyright (C)
2011-2017 whitequark <whitequark@whitequark.org>), LODASH.ASSIGN
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), PROMISED-LDAP (No Copyright Found),
IS-PATH-IN-CWD (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CACHING-TRANSFORM (Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)), UTF8-DECODER [NodeJS] (No
copyright found), ANSICOLORS [npm] (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz. All
rights reserved.), STRONG-ERROR-HANDLER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2016
2017. All Rights Reserved.), EMICKLEI/GO-RESTFUL
FF4F55A206334EF123E4F79BBF348980DA81CA46 (Copyright (c) 2012 2013 Ernest
Micklei), JSEP (Copyright (c) 2013 Stephen Oney http://jsep.from.so/),
ASASKEVICH/GOVALIDATOR 593D64559F7600F29581A3EE42177F5DBDED27A9
(Copyright (c) 2014 Alex Saskevich),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/STRETCHR/TESTIFY/LICENCE.TXT
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), ASYNC.JSON [npm]
(By : Caolan McMahon), EVENTSOURCE (Copyright (c) 2012 2013 2014 Aslak
HellesÃ¸y), UUID (Copyright (c) 2010-2016 Robert Kieffer and other
contributors), @BABEL/PLUGIN-PROPOSAL-OPTIONAL-CATCH-BINDING (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
JQUERY.TABLESORTER (Copyright (c) 2014 Christian Bach), SAWYER
(Copyright (c) 2011 rick olson), COMMANDER (Copyright (c) 2011 TJ
Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), KINT (Copyright (c) 2013 Rokas
_leinius), ANGULAR-UI-ACE (Copyright (c) 2012 the AngularUI Team
http://angular-ui.github.com), GET-PORT (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JSEB (Required),
BACKBONE.JS 1.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), YAMLH.GO [yaml.v2]
(Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY V1.4.2
[jquery.tablesorter] (jQuery JavaScript Library v1.4.2), RUGLIFY (No
Copyright Found), MARKED (Copyright (c) 2011-2018 Christopher Jeffrey
(https://github.com/chjj/)Copyright Â© 2004 John Gruber), EMAIL-VALIDATOR
(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Eduardo Gulias Davis), GO-PLAYGROUND/LOCALES
-0.12.1 (Copyright (c) 2016 Go Playground),
@BABEL/HELPER-MODULE-TRANSFORMS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors), NATEFINCH/LUMBERJACK.V2 (Copyright (c)
2014 Nate Finch), SAFECALLBACK (Copyright Â© 2013+ [Bevry Pty
Ltd](http://bevry.me) <us@bevry.me>), URL-PARSE-LAX [npm] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FORMAT
[NodeJS] (Copyright 2010 - 2013 Sami Samhuri <sami@samhuri.net>),
GOBWAS/GLOB -0.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Sergey Kamardin), PG-TYPES
(Copyright (c) 2014 Brian M. Carlson), REACT-ROUTER (Copyright (c) React
Training 2016-2018), BABEL-PLUGIN-MEMBER-EXPRESSION-LITERALS (No
copyright found), GOBWAS/GLOB -0.2.3 (Copyright (c) 2016 Sergey
Kamardin), UNDERSCORE.JS 1.3.1 [Font-Awesome] ((c) 2009-2012 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.), JQUERY-UI-SLIDER-PIPS V1.11.3 (No
Copyright Found), DETECTIVE (No Copyright Found), OPENER [npm]
(Copyright Â© 2012â€“2016 Domenic Denicola), JUST-EXTEND (Copyright (c)
2016 angus croll), VIRTUALENV [Pip] (Copyright (c) 2007 Ian Bicking and
Contributors Copyright (c) 2009 Ian Bicking, The Open Planning Project
Copyright (c) 2011-2016 The virtualenv developers), P-LIMIT (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), REGJSGEN
(Copyright 2014-2018 Benjamin Tan <https://bnjmnt4n.now.sh/>),
ESLINT-MODULE-UTILS (No Copyright Found), ANGULARJS V1.2.12 (Copyright
(c) 2010-2014 Google, Inc.), SOAP (Copyright (C) 2013 Vinay Pulim),
SOURCE-MAP-SUPPORT (Copyright (c) 2014 Evan Wallace), AIOSMTPLIB
(Copyright (c) 2019 Cole Maclean), COMMONER (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben
Newman <bn@cs.stanford.edu>), @BABEL/TRAVERSE (Copyright (c)
2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), MEMOIZEE
(Copyright (C) 2012 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)), REMARK [NodeJS]
(No copyright found), DISKV [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter
Bourgon), IMPORT-LOCAL (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BUNYAN (Copyright 2016
Trent MickCopyright 2016 Joyent Inc.), MIME-DB (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong me@jongleberry.com), PATH-LOADER (Copyright (c) 2015 Jeremy
Whitlock), JSON PARSER (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Tim Caswell), PY2APP
[Python] (No Copyright Statement), WINCONFIG.H [Python] (Copyright 2000,
Clark Cooper), JQUERY.TREEVIEW,EDIT.JS [tools] (No Copyrights Found),
BASE64-JS (Copyright (c) 2014), SLICE-ANSI (Copyright (c) DC
<threedeecee@gmail.com>), LEGAL, COPYING [Python] (Copyright (c)
1998-2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper
Copyright (c) 2001-2017 Expat maintainers),
UNICODE-PROPERTY-ALIASES-ECMASCRIPT (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), ANGULAR-SANITIZE (Copyright (c) 2016
Angular), PROCESS (Copyright (c) 2013 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman@gmail.com>), TEMP (Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Bruce Williams),
DEBUG (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>), ORIGINAL
(Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.),
ESTRAVERSE-FB (Copyright (c) 2014 Ingvar Stepanyan), MIMIC-FN (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
EXIT-HOOK (Required), EXTRACT-OPTS (<ul><li>Copyright &copy; 2013+ <a
href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty Ltd</a></li><li>Copyright &copy; 2011+
<a href="https://balupton.com">Benjamin Lupton</a></li></ul>), _CTYPES
[Python] (Copyright (c) 2002 Peter O'Gorman
<ogorman@users.sourceforge.net>), KISIELK/SQLSTRUCT (Copyright 2012
Kamil Kisiel <kamil@kamilkisiel.net>), COLUMNIFY [npm] (Copyright (c)
2013 Tim Oxley), DOTENV (Copyright (c) 2012 Brandon Keepers), JQUERY
V1.7.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors), GETPASS
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), SIMPLECOV (Copyright (c)
2010-2017 Christoph Olszowka), JAVASCRIPT DIFF ALGORITHM (Copyright John
Resig), EMPOWER-CORE (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Takuto Wada), HTML5 SHIV
(Copyright (c) 2012 Alexander Farkas, Jonathan Neal, Paul Irish),
JQUERYUI (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), CLASS-LOADER
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), HUANDU/XSTRINGS -1.0.0
(Copyright (c) 2015 Huan Du), RAKE (Copyright (c) Jim Weirich),
MEMORY-PAGER (Copyright (c) 2017 Mathias Buus), RACK-PROTECTION
(Copyright (c) 2011 Konstantin Haase), EVANPHX/JSON-PATCH
94E38AA1586E8A6C8A75770BDDF5FF84C48A106B (Copyright (c) 2014 Evan
Phoenix), LODASH.CREATE (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), MIME (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas
Robert Kieffer), MICROMATCH (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Jon Schlinkert.),
DEL (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JWT-GO (Copyright (c) 2012 Dave Grijalva),
CLI-CURSOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), PRR.MD [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Rod Vagg),
READ-PKG-UP (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), JTOLDS (Copyright (c) 2013, Space Monkey, Inc.),
LOADER-UTILS (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors), HOLDER
V2.7.1 (Copyright Ã‚Â© 2015 Ivan Malopinsky), CROSS-FETCH (Copyright (c)
2017 Leonardo QuixadÃ¡), GLOBALIZE-COMPILER (NODE) (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors, https://jquery.org/), SWAGGER-JSDOC
(Copyright (c) 2013 Fliptoo <fliptoo.studio@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015
devlouiscCopyright (c) 2015 Surnet), HTTP-BROWSERIFY (Copyright (c) 2011
Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2011 Dominic TarrCopyright (c) 2012 Tim
Caswell), MQUERY (Copyright (c) 2012 [Aaron
Heckmann](aaron.heckmann+github@gmail.com)), OBJECT.ASSIGN (Copyright
(c) 2014 Jordan Harband), EMOJI-REGEX (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), MATCHMEDIA() POLYFILL [Font-Awesome] ((c)
2012: Scott Jehl, Paul Irish, Nicholas Zakas), BAZ (Copyright (c) 2014
stanley zheng. Licensed under the MIT license.), PKG-DIR (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JSONSCHEMA
(Copyright (C) 2012-2015 Tom de Grunt <tom@degrunt.nl>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/RUBIOJR/GO-VHD/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
SWAGGER-UI-EXPRESS (Copyright (c) 2018 Scott IT London), ERRNO [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2012-2015 [Rod Vagg](https://github.com/rvagg)
([@rvagg](https://twitter.com/rvagg))), COMPONENT-EMITTER (Copyright (c)
2014 Component contributors <dev@component.io>), REQUEST-CAPTURE-HAR
V1.2.2 (Copyright (c) 2016 Lars Thorup), BUFTOK (Copyright (c) 2006-2013
Tony Arcieri; Martin Emde; Erik Michaels-Ober), ZEROCLIPBOARD V1.3.5
[Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2014 Jon Rohan, James M. Greene),
BROWSER-PACK (No copyright found), GO-ANSITERM [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2015 Microsoft Corporation), ANSI-REGEX (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ANCHORJS - V0.1.0
[Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2014 Bryan Braun), CONCURRENT-RUBY (Copyright
(c) Jerry D'Antonio),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/KARLSEGUIN/CCACHE/LICENSE.TXT
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), FINDER (Copyright
(c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), EXTEND (Copyright (c) 2014 Stefan
Thomas), MKDIRP (Copyright 2010 James Halliday (mail@substack.net)),
DEFAULTS [npm] (Copyright (c) 2015 Elijah Insua), GET-STREAM (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
CLIPBOARD.JS V2.0.4 [gutenberg] (Â© Zeno Rocha), JQUERY V1.8.2 [tools]
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors), EXECA (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
REGEXPU-CORE (Copyright Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>),
COMPRESSION (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), GO-YAML/YAML (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill
Simonov), MOCKITO-CORE (Copyright (c) 2007 Mockito contributors),
MICROSOFT/GO-WINIO (Copyright (c) 2015 Microsoft), AARCH64/FFITARGET.H
[ffi (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright (c) 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 ARM Ltd.), P-MAP
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), INSTALLERS (Copyright (c) 2012 Kyle Robinson
Young), NODE-MOCKS-HTTP (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Howard Abrams and other
collaborators), GOYACC [tools] (Copyright Â© 1994-1999 Lucent
Technologies Inc. All rights reserved. Portions Copyright Â© 1995-1997 C
H Forsyth (forsyth@terzarima.net) Portions Copyright Â© 1997-1999 Vita
Nuova Limited Portions Copyright Â© 2000-2007 Vita Nuova Holdings Limited
(www.vitanuova.com) Portions Copyright Â© 2004,2006 Bruce Ellis Portions
Copyright Â© 2005-2007 C H Forsyth (forsyth@terzarima.net) Revisions
Copyright Â© 2000-2007 Lucent Technologies Inc. and others Portions
Copyright Â© 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
IO-CONSOLE.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Copyright 2009 Aaron Patterson, et al.), BL
(Copyright (c) 2013-2016 bl contributors), BOTTLE (Copyright (c) 2012
Marcel Hellkamp.), EXTSPRINTF (Copyright (c) 2012 Joyent Inc. All rights
reserved.), COMPOSITION (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), IMPORT-LAZY [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DETECT-INDENT [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ES6-PROMISE (copyright Copyright (c) 2014 Yehuda
Katz, Tom Dale, Stefan Penner and contributors (Conversion to ES6 API by
Jake Archibald)), TINYCOLORS [gutenberg] (Copyright (c), Brian
Grinstead, http://briangrinstead.com), MOOTOOLS [Esprima (node)]
(Copyright (c) 2006-2010 [Valerio Proietti](http://mad4milk.net/).),
C-ARES [NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2007 - 2018, Daniel Stenberg with many
contributors, see AUTHORS file. Copyright 1998 by the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.), JQUERY V3.2.1 ((c) JS Foundation and other
contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MAKENOWJUST/HEREDOC/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GO.PEDGE.IO/PB/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), BBOLT (Copyright
(c) 2013 Ben Johnson), CHEEKYBITS/GENNY-1.0.0 (Copyright (c) 2014
cheekybits), QUNIT V1.12.0 (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), ARMON/GO-METRICS 3C58D8115A78A6879E5DF75AE900846768D36895
(Copyright (c) 2013 Armon Dadgar), JSONPOINTER [npm] (Copyright (c)
2011-2015 Jan Lehnardt jan@apache.org & Marc Bachmann
https://github.com/marcbachmann), CI-PARALLEL-VARS (Copyright (c)
2017-present Jamie Kyle <me@thejameskyle.com>), PINO-PRETTY (Copyright
(c) 2018 the Pino team), GO-HUMANIZE (Copyright (c) 2005-2008 Dustin
Sallings <dustin@spy.net>), ANGULAR-BOOTSTRAP (No copyright found),
GRAPHEME-SPLITTER (Copyright (c) 2015 Orlin Georgiev), VERROR (Copyright
(c) 2016 Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), UNDERSCORE [Esprima (node)]
(Copyright (C) 2009-2011 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc), MKTMPDIR
(Copyright (c) 2013 Naoyuki Kanezawa),
GO-PLAYGROUND/UNIVERSAL-TRANSLATOR-0.16.0 (Copyright (c) 2016 Go
Playground), JUNK (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @BABEL/HELPER-PLUGIN-UTILS (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), REPEAT-ELEMENT (Copyright
(c) 2015 Jon Schlinkert.), CONFIG (Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien
Potencier), OS-LOCALE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), DEPENDENCY-INJECTION
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), FARADAY (Copyright (c)
2009-2019 Rick Olson; Zack Hobson), ADM-ZIP (Copyright (c) 2012
Another-D-Mention Software and other contributors),
BABEL-PLUGIN-REMOVE-DEBUGGER (No copyright found), DENCO
[go-openapi/runtime] (Copyright (c) 2014 Naoya Inada), SSHPK (Copyright
Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), @BABEL/HELPER-ANNOTATE-AS-PURE
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie <sebmck@gmail.com>),
@BABEL/HELPER-SPLIT-EXPORT-DECLARATION (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), ARRAY-UNIQ (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
LOWERCASE-KEYS [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BROWSERIFY (Copyright
Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.Copyright (c) 2008 Fair Oaks
Labs Inc.), ESTRAVERSE-FB. (Copyright (c) 2014 Ingvar Stepanyan),
MDEFINE 0.1.0 [Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2011, The Dojo Foundation All
Rights Reserved.), GTEST [NodeJS] (Copyright 2008, Google Inc. All
rights reserved.), FASTPARSE (Copyright 2018 Tobias Koppers),
REDUX-ACTIONS (Copyright (c) Andrew Clark), STACK-UTILS (Copyright (c)
Isaac Z. Schlueter <i@izs.me> James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage) and Contributors), JQUERY-1.7 [mockito-core]
(No Copyright Found), NODE_MODULES [npm] (Copyright (c) 2013 Julian
Gruber), JQUERY FOUNDATION JOYRIDE PLUGIN 2.1 (Copyright 2013, ZURB),
JSON-REFS (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremy Whitlock), ISEC_PARTNERS [Moby]
(Copyright (C) 2012, iSEC Partners.), NODE-SEMVER (copyright (c) Isaac
Z. Schlueter and Contributors), JWA (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J.
Brennan), ISSTREAM (Copyright (c) 2015 Rod Vagg), MATTN/GO-SQLITE3
(Copyright (c) 2014 Yasuhiro Matsumoto), COLLECTIONS2 (No Copyright
Found), GO-MD2MAN [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Brian Goff),
JQUERY-COOKIE (Copyright 2014 Klaus Hartl), JQUERY ONCE V2.1.1 (No
Copyright Found), POSTCSS-VALUE-PARSER (Copyright (c) Bogdan Chadkin
<trysound@yandex.ru>), READLINE2 (Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Boudrias
(twitter: [@vaxilart](https://twitter.com/Vaxilart))), MASTERMINDS/SPRIG
(Copyright (C) 2013 Masterminds), @BABEL/HELPER-WRAP-FUNCTION (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), DEEP
(Required), JSON-ITERATOR-GO [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2016
json-iterator), PICTUREFILL V3.0.1 ((c) 2015
https://github.com/scottjehl/picturefill/blob/master/Authors.txt),
JQUERY-BAR-RATING (Copyright Kazik Pietruszewski <http://antenna.io/>),
TO-FAST-PROPERTIES (Copyright (c) 2014 Petka Antonov), JQUERY UI -
V1.10.2 [tools] (Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), JWS (Copyright (c) 2013 Brian J. Brennan), VAR-DUMPER
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), RESOLVE-FROM (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), UMD (No
Copyright Found), AMDEFINE 0.1.0 [Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2011, The
Dojo Foundation All Rights Reserved.), CONTENT [rxjs (Node)] (Copyright
(c) 2007 Steven Levithan.), MUSTACHE (Copyright (c) 2009 Chris Wanstrath
(Ruby)Copyright (c) 2010-2014 Jan Lehnardt (JavaScript)Copyright (c)
2010-2015 The mustache.js community), MEMOIZABLE (Copyright (c) 2013 Dan
Kubb; Erik Michaels-Ober), STRICTYAML (Copyright (c) 2014 Colm
O'Connor), GETSETDEEP (Copyright Â© 2013+ [Bevry Pty
Ltd](http://bevry.me) <us@bevry.me>Copyright Â© 2011-2012 [Benjamin
Lupton](http://balupton.com) <b@lupton.cc>), POLYFILL-CTYPE (Copyright
(c) 2018-2019 Fabien Potencier), JODID25519 [npm] (Copyright (c) 2012
Ron Garret Copyright (c) 2007, 2013, 2014 Michele Bini
<michele.bini@gmail.com> Copyright (c) 2014 Mega Limited), MURMURHASH3
(Copyright (c) 2012 Sokolov Yura 'funny-falcon'), ESLINT-PLUGIN-IMPORT
(Copyright (c) 2015 Ben Mosher), IGNORE (Copyright (c) 2013 Kael Zhang
<i@kael.me> contributors), PROPHECY (Copyright (c) 2013 Konstantin
Kudryashov), SAFER-BUFFER (Copyright (c) 2018 Nikita Skovoroda
<chalkerx@gmail.com>),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SPF13/CAST/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), SAFEFS
(<ul><li>Copyright &copy; 2013+ <a href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty
Ltd</a></li><li>Copyright &copy; 2011-2012 <a
href="http://balupton.com">Benjamin Lupton</a></li></ul>), CONVERSION
[npm] (Copyright (c) 2016 Chris Blakey), DALLI (Copyright (c) Peter M.
Goldstein Mike Perham), SIX (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Benjamin Peterson),
ECC-JSBN (Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremie Miller), FAST-JSON-PATCH (Copyright
(c) 2013 2014 Joachim Wester),
BABEL-PLUGIN-TRANSFORM-ES2015-MODULES-COMMONJS (No copyright found),
SLICK-CAROUSEL (Copyright (c) 2013-2016), MS.MD [npm] (Copyright (c)
2016 Zeit, Inc.), @FRONTKOM/G-MEDIA-ATTRIBUTES (Copyright (c) 2019
Frontkom), UNMASK [npm] (Copyright (c) 2015 Sam Mikes), TZINFO
(Copyright (c) 2005-2018 Philip Ross), Â JQUERY V1.8.2 JQUERY.COM
(Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other contributors), VBOM.ML-UTIL
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015 Frits van Bommel), CHARDET (Copyright
(C) 2018 Dmitry Shirokov), HASHA (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FIVEMAT (Copyright (c)
2012 Tim Pope), AWS4 (Copyright 2013 Michael Hart
(michael.hart.au@gmail.com)), @BABEL/PLUGIN-TRANSFORM-MODULES-COMMONJS
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
EVENT-EMITTER (Copyright (C) 2012 Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),
SIPHASH24 [Python] (Copyright (c) 2013 Marek Majkowski
<marek@popcount.org>), INSERT-MODULE-GLOBALS (No Copyright Found),
REQUIRE-DIRECTORY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2011 Troy Goode
<troygoode@gmail.com>), PUMPIFY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Mathias Buus),
LODASH [npm] (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
<https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), LODASH.ISARGUMENTS (Copyright jQuery Foundation
and other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), PARSE-BASE64VLQ-MAPPINGS
(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz. Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Mozilla
Foundation and contributors), REGENERATE-UNICODE-PROPERTIES (Copyright
Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), ES6-ERROR (Copyright (c)
2015 Ben Youngblood), PGEN2 (No Copyright Found), URITEMPLATES
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Joshua Tacoma), CLIPBOARD (ï¿½ Zeno
Rocha), TINYCOLOR (Copyright (c) 2012 Einar Otto Stangvik All Rights
Reserved.), PINO-STD-SERIALIZERS (Copyright Mateo Collina David Mark
Clements James Sumners), STRING-WIDTH (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), TEST_EPOLL [Python]
(Copyright (c) 2001-2006 Twisted Matrix Laboratories.), ASN1 (Copyright
(c) 2011 Mark Cavage All rights reserved.), ASYNC_TESTING (Copyright (c)
2010 Benjamin Thomas), JINZHU/INFLECTION (Copyright (c) 2015 - Jinzhu),
URL-PARSE (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the
Contributors.), ASSERTIONS (Copyright (c) 2015 SmartyStreets, LLC),
PYISO8601 [celery (Python)] (Copyright (c) 2007 Michael Twomey), PERKS
(Copyright (C) 2013 Blake Mizerany), SEQUEL (Copyright (c) 2007-2008
Sharon Rosner;Copyright (c) 2008-2019 Jeremy Evans), CLAMP (Copyright
(c) 2010 Mike Williams <mdub@dogbiscuit.org>), FLAT-CACHE (Copyright (c)
2015 Roy Riojas), POSTCSS-FILTER-PLUGINS (Copyright (c) Ben Briggs
<beneb.info@gmail.com> (http://beneb.info)), DEFS (Required), COOKIE
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Roman Shtylman <shtylman@gmail.com>Copyright
(c) 2015 Douglas Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>),
GO-PLAYGROUND/VALIDATOR.V9 -9.20.2 (Copyright (c) 2015 Dean Karn),
COMBINED-STREAM (Copyright (c) 2011 Debuggable Limited
<felix@debuggable.com>), MOCHA-JENKINS-REPORTER (Copyright (c) 2015-2016
Juho VÃ¤hÃ¤-Herttua and contributorsCopyright (c) 2013-2014 Futurice Ltd
and contributors), IP [npm] (Copyright Fedor Indutny, 2012.),
MITCHELLH/MAPSTRUCTURE -F15292F7A699FCC1A38A80977F80A046874BA8AC
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), WATCH-TREE-MAINTAINED
(Copyright (c) 2011+ node-watch-tree contributors), FLATPICKR V4.5.7 (No
copyright found),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/STORAGEOS/GO-API/LICENCE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), FIND-CACHE-DIR
(Copyright (c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io>
(github.com/jamestalmage)), JSONSCHEMA VALIDATOR (Copyright (c) 2007
Kris Zyp SitePen (www.sitepen.com)), NODE-CORE-CLANG-FORMAT [NodeJS] (No
copyright found), SHEBANG-COMMAND (Copyright (c) Kevin Martensson
<kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)), PATH-KEY (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), EXPLORER
(Copyright (c) 2013 Meryn Stol), RANDOMATIC (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Jon
Schlinkert.), REACT-REDUX (Copyright (c) 2015-present Dan Abramov),
PELLETIER/GO-TOML (Copyright (c) 2013 - 2017 Thomas Pelletier; Eric
Anderton), DOM (No Copyright Found), JQUERY.TREEVIEW.EDIT.JS [tools]
(Copyright JÃ¶rn Zaefferer), LODASH.OMIT (Copyright jQuery Foundation and
other contributors <https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for
sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), JSON-ITERATOR/GO (Copyright (c)
2016 json-iterator), IMPORT-FRESH (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ISBUFFER ((c) Feross
Aboukhadijeh), LAZY LOAD [backbone.js] (Copyright (c) 2007-2012 Mika
Tuupola), REQUIRES-PORT (Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier
the Contributors.), BACKBONE.JS (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jeremy
Ashkenas, DocumentCloud), DROPZONE (Copyright (c) 2012 Matias Meno
<m@tias.me>), EVENT-DISPATCHER (Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien
Potencier), UNIQUE-STRING [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PYCODESTYLE.PYC (Copyright
Â© 2006-2009 Johann C. Rocholl <johann@rocholl.net> Copyright Â© 2009-2014
Florent Xicluna <florent.xicluna@gmail.com> Copyright Â© 2014-2018 Ian
Lee <IanLee1521@gmail.com>), BACKBONE.JS 0.9.1 [Font-Awesome] ((c)
2010-2012 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud Inc.), PATH-TYPE (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), AMBI
(Copyright Â© 2013+ [Bevry Pty Ltd](http://bevry.me)
<us@bevry.me>Copyright Â© 2011-2012 [Benjamin
Lupton](http://balupton.com) <b@lupton.cc>), JQUERY JAVASCRIPT LIBRARY
V1.9.1 (Copyright 2005, 2012 jQuery Foundation, Inc. and other
contributors), OAUTH2-CLIENT (Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Alex Bilbie
<hello@alexbilbie.com>), ORDERED_DICT.PY [npm] (Copyright (c) 2009
Raymond Hettinger.), SPEAKEASY (Copyright (c) 2017 Blake Gentry),
@OCTETSTREAM/ESLINT-CONFIG (Copyright (c) 2017 Nick K.),
PELLETIER/GO-BUFFRUNEIO (Copyright (c) 2018 Thomas Pelletier), MODERNIZR
(Copyright Â© 2009-2018), M88K/OBSD.S [ffi (Ruby Gem)] (Copyright (c)
2013 Miodrag Vallat. <miod@openbsd.org>), NEO-ASYNC (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Suguru MotegiBased on Async.js Copyright Caolan McMahon),
SERENIZE/SNAKER -DE5293A32FD929048775E277FA6DD163BDEAC7B3 (Copyright (c)
2015 Serenize UG (haftungsbeschrÃƒÂ¤nkt)), URL (Copyright Joyent Inc. and
other Node contributors.), SEGMENTIO/BACKO-GO
-204274AD699C0983A70203A566887F17A717FEF4 (Copyright (c) 2015 Segment
Inc.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/CPUGUY83/GO-MD2MAN/LICENSE.MD
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CHUNKD (Copyright
(c) 2018-present Jamie Kyle <me@thejameskyle.com>), HAILOCAB/GO-HOSTPOOL
(Copyright (c) 2015 Bitly), RAKE.GEMSPEC [ruby] (Author: Hiroshi
SHIBATA, Eric Hodel, Jim Weirich), JMOIRON/JSONQ (Copyright (c) 2012
Jason Moiron), RANGE-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com), REACT V16.8.6 (Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc.
and its affiliates.), SAFE-BUFFER (Copyright (c) Feross Aboukhadijeh),
MAIL (Copyright (c) 2009-2016 Mikel Lindsaar), COLOR-CONVERT [npm]
(Copyright 2011-2016, Heather Arthur and Josh Junon), GO-OPENAPI/INFLECT
-0.18.0 (Copyright (c) 2011 Chris Farmiloe), HTTP-FORM_DATA (Copyright
(c) 2015-2017 Alexey V Zapparov), JSESC (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), LODASH.MERGE (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors <https://js.foundation/>Copyright and related rights
for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), LOOPBACK-CONNECTOR-MONGODB
(Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2012 2016. All Rights Reserved.), ANNOTATIONS
(Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Doctrine Project),
KONSORTEN/GO-WINDOWS-TERMINAL-SEQUENCES (Copyright (c) 2017 marvin +
konsorten GmbH (open-source@konsorten.de)), SETUPTOOLS [Pip] (Copyright
(C) 2016 Jason R Coombs <jaraco@jaraco.com>), SWAGGER [go-openapi/spec]
(Not Found), IS-REDIRECT [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), S3CRYPTO (Copyright 2017
Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. Portions
Licensed under the MIT License. Copyright (c) 2016 Carl Jackson),
BOOTSTRAP-CSS (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Twitter; Inc. Copyright (c)
2011-2017 The Bootstrap Authors), ENHANCED-RESOLVE (Copyright JS
Foundation and other contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/STRETCHR/TESTIFY/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), KOA-ROUTER
(Copyright (c) 2015 Alexander C. Mingoia), MAPSTRUCTURE [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell Hashimoto), ALTER (Copyright (c) 2013 Olov
Lassus <olov.lassus@gmail.com>), CODE-POINT-AT [npm] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), GLYPHICONS
HALFLINGS FONT [Bootstrap] (No copyright found), JSON-SCHEMA-DEFAULTS
(Copyright (c) 2015 Chute Corporation), FUNCTION (BUFFER) (Copyright
Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors.), ACCEPTS (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas Christopher
Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), MS (Copyright (c) 2016 Zeit Inc.),
LEVEN (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), FILESAVER.JS [Bootstrap] (no copyright found),
HTTP-KERNEL ((c) Fabien Potencier <fabien@symfony.com>),
LODASH._BASEUNIQ [npm] (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), MZ (Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com and Contributors), PLUR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MEOW (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
UNICODE-MATCH-PROPERTY-ECMASCRIPT (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), BOUNCY-CASTLE-JAVA (Copyright (c)
2000-2009 The Legion Of The Bouncy Castle), WSCAT (Required), ANGULAR-UI
(Copyright (c) 2017 Buildium),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/AZURE/GO-ANSITERM/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), ANGULARJS (no
copyright found), GO-SHELLWORDS [kubernetes] (Copyright 2015 The Go
Authors. All rights reserved.), EASYJSON [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2016 Mail.Ru Group), PHAR-STREAM-WRAPPER (Copyright (c) 2018 TYPO3
project - https://typo3.org/), LIBRARY PAKO [Bootstrap] (no copyright
found), MATRYER/TRY (Copyright (c) 2015 Mat Ryer), MONGOOSE (Copyright
(c) 2010 LearnBoost &lt;dev@learnboost.com&gt;), SIGURN/UTILS
-F19E41F79F8F006116F682C1AF454591BC278AD4 (Copyright (c) 2015 sigurn),
EVENT-MANAGER (Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Doctrine Project), SIZZLE CSS
SELECTOR ENGINE (Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), PARSE-MS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PSYSH (Copyright (c)
2012-2018 Justin Hileman), FONT-AWESOME (@davegandy), PERFORMANCE-NOW
(Copyright (c) 2013 Braveg1rl), POSTCSS (Copyright 2013 Andrey Sitnik
<andrey@sitnik.ru>), GRUNT-CONTRIB-QUNIT [Bootstrap] (Copyright (c) 2014
"Cowboy" Ben Alman, contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/GHODSS/YAML/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), HOVERINTENT
V1.8.1 (Copyright 2007, 2014 Brian Cherne), IS-PATH-INSIDE [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MEM (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HTTP-PARSER (Copyright
Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.),
SYNTAX-ERROR (No Copyright Found), SIGURN/CRC16
-DA416FAD5162AC0F3338BA24DCCDB26E4DA22485 (Copyright (c) 2015 sigurn),
ASYNC_TESTING (NODE) (Copyright (c) 2010 Benjamin Thomas), BASIC-AUTH
(Copyright (c) 2013 TJ HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
<me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2015-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
<doug@somethingdoug.com>), PRETTY-DATA (No copyright found), CONSOLE
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), PROBING (Copyright (c) 2015
Xiang Li), RANDOM_COMPACT (Copyright (c) 2015 Paragon Initiative
Enterprises), SRC (No copyright found), BLAZY.LIBRARIES.YML (Not found),
TIMED-OUT [npm] (Copyright (c) Vsevolod Strukchinsky
<floatdrop@gmail.com>), BABYLON (Copyright 2014-2015 various
contributors), EDITIONS (Copyright &copy; 2016+ <a
href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty Ltd</a></li></ul>), BYTES (Copyright
(c) 2012-2014 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2015 Jed
Watson <jed.watson@me.com>), PG (Copyright (c) 2010 - 2019 Brian
Carlson), STRETCHR/OBJX -CBEAEB16A013161A98496FAD62933B1D21786672
(Copyright (c) 2014 Stretchr Inc.), NEXT-TICK (Copyright (C) 2012
Mariusz Nowak (www.medikoo.com)),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/PELLETIER/GO-TOML/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), Z-SCHEMA
(Copyright (c) 2014 Martin Zagora and other contributors),
LODASH/UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 [carbon-components (Node)] (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas,
DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors), NICKSNYDER/GO-I18N
(Copyright (c) 2014 Nick Snyder https://github.com/nicksnyder),
UTF8-BYTES (No copyright found), METADATA [jquery.tablesorter]
(Copyright (c) 2006 John Resig,), CONCEPTS/MODEL [gutenberg] (Copyright
(c) JS Foundation and other contributors), FORM-DATA (Copyright (c)
2011: Tim KoschÃƒÂ¼tzki (tim@debuggable.com),Felix GeisendÃƒÂ¶rfer
(felix@debuggable.com)), GLOBALS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), FIND-UP [npm] (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IMAGE-SIZE (Copyright Â© 2017 Aditya Yadav http://netroy.in),
DGRIJALVA/JWT-GO 01AECA54EBDA6E0FBFAFD0A524D234159C05EC20 (Copyright (c)
2012 Dave Grijalva), MARCH_HARE (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Theo Hultberg
Copyright (c) 2013-2019 Michael S. Klishin and contributors),
BLUEBIRD.CORE.JS [npm] (Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Petka Antonov), JQUERY
V1.12.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors),
SWAGGER-PARSER (Copyright (c) 2015 James Messinger), CHOKIDAR (Copyright
(c) 2012-2019 Paul Miller (https://paulmillr.com) & Elan Shanker), ASTW
(No copyright found), BASHCOV (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Cï¿½dric Fï¿½lizard),
CI_REPORTER (Copyright (c) 2006-2014 Nick Sieger <nicksieger@gmail.com>
Copyright (c) 2014 The CI Reporter authors), STRETCHR/TESTIFY (Copyright
(c) 2012 - 2013 Mat Ryer and Tyler Bunnell), AUTOSIZE 4.0.2 [gutenberg]
(Copyright (c) 2015 Jack Moore), DECAMELIZE-KEYS (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com) Dmirty Sobolev
<disobolev@icloud.com>), INSTALL.SH [Python] (Copyright (C) 1994 X
Consortium), AGENT-BASE (Copyright (c) 2013 Nathan Rajlich
&lt;nathan@tootallnate.net&gt;),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SATORI/UUID/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
ANGULAR-NATIVE-DRAGDROP (Copyright (c) 2015 Ganaraj P R
[Nebithi](http://www.nebithi.com)), GLOBBY (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), ZAP (Copyright (c) 2016
Uber Technologies, Inc.), HTML5 SHIV V3.6.2PRE [Font-Awesome] (Copyright
(c) 2014 Alexander Farkas (aFarkas)), POLYGLOT (Copyright (c) 2007
Clifford Heath), PYPARSING.PY [Pip] (Copyright (c) 2003-2016 Paul T.
McGuire), LODASH / UNDERSCORE.JS 1.8.3 (Copyright JS Foundation and
other contributors Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and
Investigative Reporters & Editors), NGHTTP2 [NodeJS] (Copyright (c)
2012, 2014, 2015, 2016 Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa Copyright (c) 2012, 2014,
2015, 2016 nghttp2 contributors), PUNYCODE (Copyright Mathias Bynens
<https://mathiasbynens.be/>), YAMLJS (Copyright (c) 2010 Jeremy
FaivreCopyright (c) 2008-2011 Pivotal Labs), APPEND-TRANSFORM (Copyright
(c) James Talmage <james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)),
JMOIRON/SQLX (Copyright (c) 2013 Jason Moiron), LUMBERJACK.V2
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Nate Finch), ANGULAR-MOCKS (Copyright
(c) 2016 Angular), ANGULAR-PRETTY-XML (Copyright (c) 2015 Nikita
Khomyakov <dr.evil@krtn.eu>), GO-COLORABLE [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri), MSGPACK5 (Copyright (c) 2014 Matteo Collina),
ZEROCLIPBOARD [Font-Awesome] (2012 Jon Rohan, James M. Greene), JSON3
(Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Kit Cambridge.), ZLIB-BROWSERIFY (Copyright (C)
2013 Brian J Brennan), FAST-JSON-PARSE (Copyright (c) 2016 Matteo
Collina), JSON5 (Copyright (c) 2012-2018 Aseem Kishore and [others].),
UTIL-DEPRECATE (Copyright (c) 2014 Nathan Rajlich
<nathan@tootallnate.net>), MULTIPART-POST (Copyright (c) 2007-2013 Nick
Sieger nick@nicksieger.com Copyright; 2017; by Samuel G. D. Williams.),
IANA-TZ-DATA (Copyright (c) Rafael Xavier de Souza
http://rafael.xavier.blog.br), INTO (Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien
Potencier), LOGRUS [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012 Miki Tebeka
<miki.tebeka@gmail.com>.), SYMFONY-CONSOLE-COMPLETION (Copyright (c)
2014 Stephen Holdaway), TOIDENTIFIER (Copyright (c) 2016 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), MULTI_JSON (Copyright (c)
2010-2013 Michael Bleigh; Josh Kalderimis; Erik Michaels-Ober; Pavel
Pravosud), SUPPORTS-COLOR (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), PUMP [npm] (Copyright (c)
2014 Mathias Buus), RSPEC-CORE (Copyright ï¿½ 2012 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky; Myron Marston;Copyright ï¿½ 2009 Chad Humphries; David
Chelimsky;Copyright ï¿½ 2006 David Chelimsky; The RSpec Development
Team;Copyright ï¿½ 2005 Steven Baker), WRITERC.GO [yaml.v2] (Copyright (c)
2006 Kirill Simonov), IS-PATH-CWD (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), THROTTLEIT (Required),
CSON (Copyright &copy; 2012+ <a href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty
Ltd</a></li><li>Copyright &copy; <a href="http://balupton.com">Benjamin
Lupton</a></li></ul>), PROTOTYPE V1.6.0 ((c) 2005-2007 Sam Stephenson),
MINK-PHANTOMJS-DRIVER (Copyright (c) 2015 Juan Francisco Calderï¿½n
Zumba), THROUGH2 [npm] (Copyright (c) 2016 Rod Vagg),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-SYNTAX-OBJECT-REST-SPREAD (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ROBFIG/CRON/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), INTL (Copyright
(c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), MOUL/HTTP2CURL
-9AC6CF4D929B2FA8FD2D2E6DEC5BB0FEB4F4911D (Copyright (c) 2015 Manfred
Touron), NARWHAL.JS (Copyright (c) 2009 Thomas Robinson <280north.com>),
GREGJONES/HTTPCACHE (Copyright Â© 2012 Greg Jones
(greg.jones@gmail.com)), PROGRESS (Copyright (c) 2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>), SIMPLE-IS (Copyright (c) 2013 Olov Lassus
<olov.lassus@gmail.com>), NWMATCHER (Copyright (c) 2007-2018 Diego
Perini (http://www.iport.it)), PYTZ (Copyright (c) 2003-2018 Stuart
Bishop <stuart@stuartbishop.net>), GO-RESTFUL [kubernetes] (Copyright
(c) 2012,2013 Ernest Mickle), SERVE-FAVICON (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha
Inc.Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoostCopyright (c) 2011 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
ANGULAR-JSON-SCHEMA-FORM (Copyright (c) 2015 Mohsen Azimi), OCTOKIT
(Copyright (c) 2009-2017 Wynn Netherland; Adam Stacoviak; Erik
Michaels-Ober), ALECTHOMAS/UNITS
2EFEE857E7CFD4F3D0138CC3CBB1B4966962B93A (Copyright (C) 2014 Alec
Thomas), CLIENT9 [kubernetes] (Copyright Nick Galbreath), LOAD-JSON-FILE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), MITCHELLH/COLORSTRING
-8631CE90F28644F54AEEDCB3E389A85174E067D1 (Copyright (c) 2014 Mitchell
Hashimoto), CSSOM (Copyright (c) Nikita Vasilyev), VALIDATOR (Copyright
(c) 2018 Chris O'Hara <cohara87@gmail.com>), ACORN-JSX (Copyright (C)
2012-2017 by Ingvar Stepanyan), LOADCSS REL=PRELOAD POLYFILL (Copyright
(c) 2017 Filament Group, Inc.), SETUP.PY [Pip] (Author:Ian Bicking),
EXPRESS (Copyright (c) 2009-2014 TJ Holowaychuk
<tj@vision-media.ca>Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Roman Shtylman
<shtylman+expressjs@gmail.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), CLI-BOXES [npm] (Copyright
(c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)),
IS-POSIX-BRACKET (Copyright (c) 2015-2016, Jon Schlinkert.), OAUTH2
(Copyright (c) 2010 Justin Plock.), XTEND (Copyright (c) 2012-2014
Raynos.), HANDLEBARS (Copyright (C) 2011-2017 by Yehuda Katz), JSONPARSE
(Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Tim Caswell), NODE-YAML (Copyright (c)
2015-2017 Nick K.), UTIL/ROOT.TS (Copyright Google Inc. All Rights
Reserved.), ELFBSD.S [Python] (Copyright (c) 2013 Miodrag Vallat),
HUMANIZE-MS - INDEX.JS [npm] (Copyright(c) 2014 dead_horse
<dead_horse@qq.com>), XIANG90/PROBING (Copyright (c) 2015 Xiang Li),
DAAKU/GO.ZIPEXE A5FE2436FFCB3236E175E5149162B41CD28BD27D (Copyright Â¬Â©
2012-2015 Carlos Castillo), DECAMELIZE [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre
Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), SONIC-BOOM
(Copyright (c) 2017 Matteo Collina), IS-PLAIN-OBJECT (Copyright (c)
2014-2017, Jon Schlinkert.), VALIDATE.PY [Python] ((c) 2005 Ian Bicking
and contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/BLANG/SEMVER/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), EASYMOCK
[mockito-core] (Copyright (c) 2001-2008 OFFIS, Tammo Freese.),
WIDEST-LINE (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @BABEL/PLUGIN-SYNTAX-ASYNC-GENERATORS (Copyright
(c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
JWALTERWEATHERMAN [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014 Steve Francia),
FS-EXTRA (Copyright (c) 2011-2017 JP Richardson), QUERYSTRINGIFY
(Copyright (c) 2015 Unshift.io Arnout Kazemier the Contributors.), NCONF
(Copyright (C) 2011 Charlie Robbins and the Contributors.), OPTIONATOR
(Copyright (c) George Zahariev), ASYNCKIT (Copyright (c) 2016 Alex
Indigo), WEBPACK VAR INJECTION (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Michael Daines),
ASDINE/STORM-2.2.0 (Copyright (c) [2017] [Asdine El Hrychy]), EXTENDR
(Copyright Â© 2013+ [Bevry Pty Ltd](http://bevry.me)
<us@bevry.me>Copyright Â© 2011-2012 [Benjamin
Lupton](http://balupton.com) <b@lupton.cc>), PETERBOURGON/DISKV
-5F041E8FAA004A95C88A202771F4CC3E991971E6 (Copyright (c) 2011-2012 Peter
Bourgon), GO-RESTFUL-SWAGGER [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2012,2013
Ernest Mickle), LODASH._BASECREATE (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo
Foundation <http://dojofoundation.org/>), OBJECT-ASSIGN ((c) Sindre
Sorhus), SEGMENTIO/ANALYTICS-GO -2.1.1 (Copyright (c) 2012 The gocql
Authors. All rights reserved.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SIRUPSEN/LOGRUS/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), FIGURES
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ANGULAR-ARIA (Copyright (c) 2016 Angular),
RUFUS-SCHEDULER (Copyright (c) 2005-2019; John Mettraux;
jmettraux@gmail.com), BABEL-PLUGIN-PROPERTY-LITERALS (No copyright
found), LODASH._ISITERATEECALL (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), ARMON/GO-RADIX (Copyright (c) 2014 Armon
Dadgar), LDAPJS (Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Cavage All rights reserved.),
RYANUBER/COLUMNIZE (Copyright (c) 2016 Ryan Uber),
BABEL-PLUGIN-INLINE-ENVIRONMENT-VARIABLES (No copyright found),
CHILDPROCESS (Copyright (c) 2010-2015 Jari Bakken),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/BEORN7/PERKS/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CORE-JS
(Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Denis Pushkarev), COMMON (Copyright (c)
2006-2015 Doctrine Project), LOG-SYMBOLS (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MATCHMEDIA (Copyright (c)
2012 Scott Jehl), VM-BROWSERIFY (No copyright found), EXPAT (Copyright
(c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd and Clark
Cooper), AYMERICK/RAYMOND-2.0.1 (Copyright (c) 2015 Aymerick JEHANNE),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-SYNTAX-OPTIONAL-CATCH-BINDING (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), WS (Copyright (c) 2011 Einar
Otto Stangvik &lt;einaros@gmail.com&gt;), P-LOCATE [npm] (Copyright (c)
Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), JSHINT
(NODE) (No Copyright Found), GRAPHQL-VOYAGER (Copyright (c) 2017
APIs-guru), IFERR [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014 Nadav Ivgi), MIDDLEWARE
(Copyright (c) 2016-2017 David BetzCopyright (c) 2016-2017 David Betz),
ORA (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @BABEL/HELPER-FUNCTION-NAME (Copyright (c)
2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/SPF13/VIPER/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
ALECTHOMAS/KINGPIN-2.2.6 (Copyright (C) 2014 Alec Thomas),
@BABEL/PLUGIN-TRANSFORM-EXPONENTIATION-OPERATOR (Copyright (c) 2014-2018
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), JQUERY-UI (Copyright 2014
jQuery Foundation and other contributorsCopyright 2012 jQuery Foundation
and other contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2012 Anton Kovalyov (http://jshint.com)Copyright
2014 jQuery Foundation and other contributorsCopyright 2007 2014 jQuery
Foundation and other contributors Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors https://jquery.org/Copyright (c) 2015 Alexander
SchmitzCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright (c) 2013 Brandon Aaron
(http://brandon.aaron.sh)Copyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright (c) 2011 John Resig
http://jquery.com/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright (c) 2011 John Resig
http://jquery.com/Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright 2013 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright (c) 2011 John Resig
http://jquery.com/Copyright 2012 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
https://jquery.org/Copyright 2014 jQuery Foundation and other
contributorsCopyright Software Freedom Conservancy Inc.Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors https://jquery.org/Copyright and
related rights for sample code are waived via CC0. Sample), BEHAT
(Copyright (c) 2016 Konstantin Kudryashov), ICONS (Copyright (c) 2013
Ryan Frederick), CORE-UTIL-IS (Copyright Node.js contributors. All
rights reserved.), ARGPARSE (Copyright (C) 2012 by Vitaly Puzrin),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/ONSI/GINKGO/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), LODASH.DEBOUNCE
(Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), TARFILE.PY [Pip] (Copyright (C) 2002 Lars
Gustaebel <lars@gustaebel.de>, All rights reserved.), TRIM-NEWLINES
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), EDUCLOS/TESTRAIL
9DEF6BD24A47723C046553EC5504F9EE54B73F9E (Copyright (c) 2015 Etienne
Duclos), NUMERIZER (Copyright (c) 2009 Tom Preston-Werner), GINKGO
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Onsi Fakhouri), POLYFILL-MBSTRING
(Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Fabien Potencier), OBJECT.ENTRIES (Copyright
(c) 2015 Jordan Harband), PSR-HTTP-MESSAGE-BRIDGE (Copyright (c)
2004-2016 Fabien Potencier), MONOKAI_SUBLIME.CSS [mockito-core]
(Copyright Â© 2019 <copyright holders>), IS-WINDOWS (Copyright Ã‚Â©
2015-2018, Jon Schlinkert.), NORMALIZE.CSS (Copyright Â© Nicolas
Gallagher and Jonathan Neal), CLEAN-STACK (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), NODE-LINT-MD-CLI-ROLLUP
[NodeJS] (Copyright (c) 2018 Refael Ackermann<refack@gmail.com>), HOLDER
VERSION 2.4.1+F2L1H [Bootstrap] (Ã‚Â© 2014 Ivan Malopinsky -
http://imsky.co), NEGOTIATOR (Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Federico
RomeroCopyright (c) 2012-2014 Isaac Z. SchlueterCopyright (c) 2014-2015
Douglas Christopher Wilson), ENDER (Copyright Dustin Diaz & Jacob
Thornton 2011), GASTONJS (Copyright (c) 2015 Juan Francisco Calderï¿½n
Zumba), INFLUXDB [kubernetes] ((c) 2013-2016 Errplane Inc.), TAIL.TS
(Copyright (c) 2017 Thomas Crockett), PARSEURL (Copyright (c) 2014
Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014-2017 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), XML-ESCAPE (Copyright (c)
2014 Michael Hernandez), BROWSER-RESOLVE (No copyright found), NORD
HIGHLIGHT.JS 0.1.0 [highlight.js] (Copyright (c) 2017-present Arctic Ice
Studio <development@arcticicestudio.com> Copyright (c) 2017-present Sven
Greb <development@svengreb.de), QUNIT [backbone.js] (Copyright jQuery
Foundation and other contributors), RAW-BODY (Copyright (c) 2013-2014
Jonathan Ong), 0DOC (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke. All rights
reserved.), HEREDOC [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2014-2017 TSUYUSATO
Kitsune), LOOPBACK (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2018. All Rights
Reserved.), TASKGROUP (Copyright Â© 2013+ [Bevry Pty
Ltd](http://bevry.me) <us@bevry.me>Copyright Â© 2011-2012 [Benjamin
Lupton](http://balupton.com) <b@lupton.cc>), ASTRAL-REGEX (Copyright (c)
Kevin MÃ¥rtensson <kevinmartensson@gmail.com> (github.com/kevva)),
LODASH.CLONEDEEP (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other contributors
<https://jquery.org/>Copyright and related rights for sample code are
waived via CC0. Sample), COLORS/LIB/COLORS.JS [npm] (- Copyright (c)
Marak Squires Additional functionality - Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), BENCHMARK [Esprima (node)]
(Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Mathias Bynens), PHPUNIT-BRIDGE (Copyright (c)
2014-2019 Fabien Potencier), INVARIANT (Copyright (c) 2013-present,
Facebook, Inc.), JSZIP [Bootstrap] ((c) 2009-2014 Stuart Knightley
<stuart [at] stuartk.com>), END-OF-STREAM [npm] (Copyright (c) 2014
Mathias Buus), CODEMIRROR (copyright (c) by Marijn Haverbeke and
others), UNICODE-CANONICAL-PROPERTY-NAMES-ECMASCRIPT (Copyright Mathias
Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>), LOGGING (Copyright (C) 2001-2005 by
Vinay Sajip. All Rights Reserved.), VIPER [kubernetes] (Copyright (c)
2014 Steve Francia), SIMPLECOV-HTML (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Christoph
Olszowka), APIC.GO [yaml.v2] (Copyright (c) 2006 Kirill Simonov),
CODERAY (Copyright (C) 2005-2012 Kornelius Kalnbach <murphy@rubychan.de>
(@murphy_karasu)), STRETCHR/OBJX (Copyright (c) 2014 Stretchr; Inc.),
CONSOLE-BROWSERIFY (Copyright (c) 2012 Raynos.), JSON-SCHEMA-VIEW (No
Copyright Found), FLAG (No Copyright Found), COMPRESSIBLE (Copyright (c)
2013 Jonathan Ong <me@jongleberry.com>Copyright (c) 2014 Jeremiah
Senkpiel <fishrock123@rocketmail.com>Copyright (c) 2015 Douglas
Christopher Wilson <doug@somethingdoug.com>), PARSE5 (Copyright (c)
2013-2015 Ivan Nikulin (ifaaan@gmail.com)), PYCODESTYLE (Copyright Â©
2006-2009 Johann C. Rocholl), BOOTSTRAP (Copyright (c) 2011-2016
Twitter, Inc.), CSSLINT (Copyright (c) 2011 Nicole Sullivan and Nicholas
C. Zakas. All rights reserved.), LOADCSS (Copyright (c) 2017 Filament
Group, Inc.), ESLINT (Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors
https://js.foundation), FUNCTION _NONITERABLEREST (Copyright (c)
2013-present, Facebook, Inc.), HTTP-ERRORS (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan
Ong me@jongleberry.comCopyright (c) 2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson
doug@somethingdoug.com), JSON-EDITOR (Copyright (c) 2013 Jeremy Dorn),
@AVA/BABEL-PLUGIN-THROWS-HELPER (Copyright (c) James Talmage
<james@talmage.io> (github.com/jamestalmage)), MHOLT/ARCHIVER (Copyright
(c) 2016 Matthew Holt), @BABEL/TEMPLATE (Copyright (c) 2014-present
Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors), ASSERT (Copyright (c) 2014
Bernhard Schussek), CIRCBUF [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Armon
Dadgar), JSONPATH [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015 Exponent Labs LLC),
LOOPBACK-COMPONENT-EXPLORER (Copyright (c) IBM Corp. 2013 2017. All
Rights Reserved.), IS-TYPEDARRAY (No copyright found), BYTE-SIZE [npm]
(Copyright (c) 2014-18 Lloyd Brookes <75pound@gmail.com>), SYSTEMSTAT
[kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013 Phillip Bond), HTTP-SIGNATURE
(Copyright Joyent Inc. All rights reserved.), ESLINT-CONFIG-AIRBNB-BASE
(Copyright (c) 2012 Airbnb), LOOSE-ENVIFY (Copyright (c) 2015 Andres
Suarez <zertosh@gmail.com>), ANSI-ESCAPES (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), MRI (Copyright (c) Luke
Edwards <luke.edwards05@gmail.com> (lukeed.com)), CALLSITE (Required),
TYPECHECKER (Copyright &copy; 2013+ <a href="http://bevry.me">Bevry Pty
Ltd</a></li><li>Copyright &copy; 2011-2012 <a
href="http://balupton.com">Benjamin Lupton</a></li></ul>),
REQUEST-PROGRESS (Copyright (c) 2012 IndigoUnited), @BABEL/HELPER-REGEX
(Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
BOLTDB/BOLT (Copyright (c) 2013 Ben Johnson), ARCHY [npm] (No Copyright
Statement found), NEGRONI [kubernetes] (Copyright 2013 ChaiShushan
<chaishushan{AT}gmail.com>.), POLYFILL-UNSERIALIZE (Copyright (c) 2016
Denis Brumann), SLICED (Copyright (c) 2012 [Aaron
Heckmann](aaron.heckmann+github@gmail.com)), DASHDASH (Copyright (c)
2013 Trent Mick. All rights reserved.Copyright (c) 2013 Joyent Inc. All
rights reserved.), FLOAT.PATCH [npm] (Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other
Node contributors.), EMICKLEI/GO-RESTFUL-SWAGGER12
DCEF7F55730566D41EAE5DB10E7D6981829720F6 (Copyright (c) 2017 Ernest
Micklei), DETECT-NEWLINE [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), HTTP_PARSER.RB (Copyright
2009;2010 Marc-Andrï¿½ Cournoyer <macournoyer@gmail.com> Copyright
2010;2011 Aman Gupta <aman@tmm1.net>), IS-FULLWIDTH-CODE-POINT [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SIMPLEREDIS [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2015
Alexander F RÃ¸dseth),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MICROSOFT/GO-WINIO/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/EVANPHX/JSON-PATCH/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), KOA (Copyright
(c) 2019 Koa contributors), PSR7 (Copyright (c) 2015 Michael Dowling),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/FATIH/CAMELCASE/LICENSE.MD
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), @BABEL/GENERATOR
(Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian McKenzie and other contributors),
CORS (Copyright (c) 2013 Troy Goode <troygoode@gmail.com>),
RSPEC-SUPPORT (Copyright ï¿½ 2013 David Chelimsky; Myron Marston; Jon
Rowe; Sam Phippen; Xavier Shay; Bradley Schaefer), DOCILE (Copyright (c)
2012-2018 Marc Siegel), FIBONACCI-HEAP (Copyright (c) 2014 Daniel Imms,
http://www.growingwiththeweb.com), LIB/PQ (Copyright (c) 2011-2013 'pq'
ContributorsPortions Copyright (C) 2011 Blake Mizerany), DOM-CRAWLER
(Copyright (c) 2004-2019 Fabien Potencier), COMBINE-SOURCE-MAP
(Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), BABEL-PLUGIN-REACT-CONSTANT-ELEMENTS
(No copyright found), UTFSTRING (Copyright (c) 2016 Cameron Dutro),
@SLACK/CLIENT (Copyright (c) 2014-2019 Slack Technologies Inc.),
LODASH._BASECOPY (Copyright 2012-2015 The Dojo Foundation
<http://dojofoundation.org/>), GO-TOML [kubernetes] (Copyright (c) 2013
- 2016 Thomas Pelletier, Eric Anderton), TETHER (Copyright (c) 2014-2017
HubSpot Inc.), MINIZLIB (Copyright Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
JQUERY UI CHECKBOXRADIO 1.12.1 (Copyright jQuery Foundation and other
contributors), BRACE (Copyright 2013 Thorsten Lorenz.), CAMELCASE
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), CLASSNAMES [gutenberg] (Copyright (c) 2017 Jed
Watson.), BAL-UTIL (Copyright (c) 2011+ Benjamin Lupton <b@lupton.cc>),
EDN (Copyright (c) 2012 Relevance Inc & Clinton N. Dreisbach), PKG-CONF
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), @BABEL/CORE (Copyright (c) 2014-present Sebastian
McKenzie and other contributors), FANCYTREE [taxonomy_manager] (No
Copyright Found), LOCATE-PATH [npm] (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus
<sindresorhus@gmail.com> (sindresorhus.com)), GEM_PUBLISHER (No
Copyright Found),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/MITCHELLH/MAPSTRUCTURE/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (Copyright 2016 The Kubernetes Authors.), CI_REPORTER_RSPEC
(Copyright (c) 2006-2014 Nick Sieger <nicksieger@gmail.com> Copyright
(c) 2014 The CI Reporter authors), SEND (Copyright (c) 2012 TJ
HolowaychukCopyright (c) 2014-2016 Douglas Christopher Wilson),
SIMPLE_OAUTH (Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Steve Richert; Erik
Michaels-Ober), RIMRAF (Copyright 2009 2010 2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter.),
QRCODE FOR JAVASCRIPT [npm] (Copyright (c) 2009 Kazuhiko Arase),
CSSSTYLE (Copyright (c) Chad Walker), GO-HTTPCLIENT [kubernetes]
(Copyright (c) 2012 Matt Reiferson), PLATFORM [Esprima (node)]
(Copyright (c) 2010-2012 John-David Dalton), SANTORI-UUID [kubernetes]
(Copyright (C) 2013-2016 by Maxim Bublis <b@codemonkey.ru>), KOA-COMPOSE
(No copyright found), PSYCH [ruby] (No Copyright Found), SOCKET.IO
CLIENT [async_testing (Node)] (Copyright (c) 2010 LearnBoost),
JSONSTREAM (Copyright (c) 2011 Dominic Tarr), LATEST-VERSION [npm]
(Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), SWAGGER PETSTORE (No copyright found), GHODSS/YAML
73D445A93680FA1A78AE23A5839BAD48F32BA1EE (Copyright (c) 2014 Sam
GhodsCopyright (c) 2012 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.),
MITCHELLH/GO-HOMEDIR -B8BC1BF767474819792C23F32D8286A45736F1C6
(Copyright (c) 2013 Mitchell Hashimoto), PHP LIBRARY (Copyright (c)
2015, Google Inc), ASYNC (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Caolan McMahon),
UGORJI/GO/CODEC (Copyright (c) 2012-2015 Ugorji Nwoke.),
FS-READDIR-RECURSIVE (Copyright (c) 2014 Jonathan Ong
me@jongleberry.com), READABLE-STREAM (Copyright Node.js contributors.
All rights reserved.Copyright Joyent Inc. and other Node contributors.
All rights reserved.), FAST-DEEP-EQUAL (Copyright (c) 2017 Evgeny
Poberezkin), SLASH (Copyright (c) Sindre Sorhus <sindresorhus@gmail.com>
(sindresorhus.com)), ARR-DIFF (Copyright (c) 2014 Jon Schlinkert,
contributors.), ANGULAR-MARKED (Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Jayson
Harshbarger), JQUERY.TREEVIEW.JS [tools] (Copyright (c) 2007 JÃ¶rn
Zaefferer), NS-POPOVER (Copyright (c) 2014 nohros)


Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a 
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to 
the following conditions: 

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included 
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. 

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, 
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

END OF MIT LICENSE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MIT-EQUIVALENT LICENSE 

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under an MIT-equivalent licence:

get-caller-file (Copyright (c) Stefan Penner)
go-spew (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave Collins)
nyc (Copyright (c) 2015, Contributors)
write-file-atomic (Copyright (c) 2015, Rebecca Turner)
pkgconf (Copyright Â© 2004 Scott James Remnant; Copyright Â© 2012-2015 Dan Nicholson)
rimraf (bson) (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
jbcrypt (Copyright (c) 2006 Damien Miller)
@ava/pretty-format (Copyright (c) 2016, James Kyle)
abbrev (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
ansi-align (Copyright (c) 2016, Contributors)
anymatch (Copyright (c) 2014 Elan Shanker)
aproba (Copyright (c) 2015, Rebecca Turner)
are-we-there-yet (Copyright (c) 2015, Rebecca Turner)
block-stream (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
boolbase (Copyright (c) 2014-2015, Felix Boehm)
call-limit (By Rebecca Turner)
carbon-icons (None found)
chownr (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
cliui (Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors)
cli-width (Copyright (c) 2015  Ilya Radchenko)
common-path-prefix (Copyright (c) 2016  Mark Wubben)
console-control-strings (Copyright (c) 2014  Rebecca Turner)
copy-concurrently (Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca Turner)
dezalgo (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
electron-to-chromium (Kilian Valkhof)
element-class (None found)
events-to-array (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
fast-bind (None Found)
flot-charts (Copyright (c) 2007-2014 IOLA and Ole Laursen)
foreground-child (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
fs (None found)
fs.realpath (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors  Copyright Joyent  Inc. and other Node contributors.)
fstream (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
fstream-ignore (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
fstream-npm (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
fs-vacuum(Copyright (c) 2015  Forrest L Norvell)
fs-write-stream-atomic (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
guage (Copyright (c) 2014  Rebecca Turner)
get-caller-file (Stefan Penner)
glob (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
glob-parent (Copyright (c) 2015 Elan Shanker)
graceful-fs (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter  Ben Noordhuis  and Contributors)
gulp-sourcemaps (Copyright (c) 2014  Florian Reiterer)
har-schema (Copyright (c) 2015  Ahmad Nassri)
har-validator (Copyright (c) 2015  Ahmad Nassri)
has-unicode (Copyright (c) 2014  Rebecca Turner)
heapdump (Copyright (c) 2012  Ben Noordhuis <info@bnoordhuis.nl>Copyright (c) 2014  StrongLoop Inc.)
hitimes (Copyright (c) 2008-2015 Jeremy Hinegardner)
hosted-git-info (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner)
http-https (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
https (none found)
dumb-init (Copyright 2015 Yelp, Inc.)
yargs-parser (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors)
yallist (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
y18n (Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors)
write-file-atomic (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner)
wrappy (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
wide-align (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner)
which-module (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors)
which (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
validate-npm-package-name (Copyright (c) 2015  npm  Inc)
unique-slug (None found)
unique-filename (None found)
uid-number (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
test-exclude (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors)
tar (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
swagger-schema-official (None found)
stealthy-require (Copyright (c) 2017  Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors)
split-ca (None found)
spawn-wrap (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
slide (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
signal-exit (Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors)
setprototypeof (Copyright (c) 2015  Wes Todd)
set-blocking (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors)
semver (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
sax (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors, Copyright Mathias Bynens)
run-queue (None found)
rimraf (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
require-main-filename (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors)
request-promise-core (Copyright (c) 2016  Nicolai Kamenzky and contributors)
request-promise (Copyright (c) 2017  Nicolai Kamenzky  Ty Abonil  and contributors)
remove-trailing-separator (Copyright (c) 2017 Tomas Sardyha)
release-zalgo (Copyright (c) 2017  Mark Wubben)
realize-package-specifier (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner)
read-package-tree (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
read-package-json (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
read-installed (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
readdir-scoped-modules (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
read-cmd-shim (Copyright (c) 2015; Rebecca Turner)
read (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
pseudomap (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
proto-list (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
promzard (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
promise-inflight (Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca Turner)
postcss-modules-values (Â© Glen Maddern and Bogdan Chadkin, 2015)
postcss-modules-scope (Â© Glen Maddern and Bogdan Chadkin, 2015)
postcss-modules-extract-imports (Glen Maddern, 2015.)
pg-int8 (Copyright Â© 2017; Charmander)
package-hash (Copyright (c) 2016  Mark Wubben)
osenv (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
once (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
nyc (Copyright (c) 2015; Contributors)
npm-registry-client (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
npm-package-arg (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
npmlog (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
npm-cache-filename (Copyright (c) npm  Inc. and Contributors)
normalize-git-url (Copyright (c) 2014-2015  Forrest L Norvell)
nopt (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
mute-stream (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
move-concurrently (Copyright (c) 2017  Rebecca Turner)
minimatch (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
minimalistic-assert (Copyright 2015 Calvin Metcalf)
material-colors (None found)
lru-cache (Copyright 2009  2010  2011 Isaac Z. Schlueter)
lockfile (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
listenercount (Copyright (c) MMXV jden)
libSodium (Copyright (c) 2013-2016 * Frank Denis)
json-stringify-safe (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
is-resolvable (Copyright 2018 Shinnosuke Watanabe)
is-integer (Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar)
isexe (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
in-publish (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner)
init-package-json (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
ini (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors)
inherits (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
inflight (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter)
ignore-by-default (Copyright (c) 2016  Mark Wubben)
icss-replace-symbols (Glen Maddern and Bogdan Chadkin, 2015)
pkgconf(Copyright (c) 2011; 2012; 2013; 2014; 2015; 2016; 2017;
2018;pkgconf authors),bind-license("Copyright (C) 2004-2013  Internet
Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003  Internet
Software Consortium"),cronie("Copyright (c) 2004 by Internet Systems
Consortium; Inc.  ; * Copyright (c) 1997;2000 by Internet
Software Consortium; Inc."),distro-info-data(No copyright
found),bind9-host("Copyright (C) 2004-2016  Internet Systems Consortium;
Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003  Internet Software
Consortium."),dnsutils("Copyright (C) 2004-2010  Internet Systems
Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003  Internet Software
Consortium."),libdns-export162("Copyright (C) 2004-2010  Internet
Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003  Internet
Software Consortium."),libisc-export160("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libbind9-140("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libdns162("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libisc160("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libisccc140("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libisccfg140("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),liblwres141("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),isc-dhcp-client("Copyright (C) 2004-2010
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium.                                  2008-2013
Andrew Pollock <apollock@debian.org>; 2011-2015 Michael Gilbert
<mgilbert@debian.org>"),isc-dhcp-common("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium.                                  2008-2013
Andrew Pollock <apollock@debian.org>; 2011-2015 Michael Gilbert
<mgilbert@debian.org>"),libbind9-140:amd64("Copyright (C) 2004-2010 
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libdns162:amd64("Copyright (C) 2004-2010
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libisc160:amd64("Copyright (C) 2004-2010
Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C) 1996-2003 
Internet Software Consortium."),libisccc140:amd64("Copyright (C)
2004-2010  Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C)
1996-2003  Internet Software Consortium."),libisccfg140:amd64("Copyright
(C) 2004-2010  Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C)
1996-2003  Internet Software Consortium."),liblwres141:amd64("Copyright
(C) 2004-2010  Internet Systems Consortium; Inc.  ;Copyright (C)
1996-2003  Internet Software Consortium."),
anymatch (Copyright (c) 2014 Elan Shanker), browser-stdout (Copyright 2018 kumavis),
cacache (Copyright (c) npm, Inc), cli-color (Copyright (c) 2012-2018, Mariusz Nowak, 
@medikoo, medikoo.com), copy-concurrently (Copyright (c) 2017, Rebecca Turner 
<me@re-becca.org>), go-spew (Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Dave Collins <dave@davec.name>),
electron-to-chromium (Copyright 2018 Kilian Valkhof), es5-ext (Copyright (c) 2011-2018, 
Mariusz Nowak, @medikoo, medikoo.com), find-npm-prefix (Copyright npm, Inc),
get-caller-file (Copyright 2018 Stefan Penner), glob (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), har-validator (Copyright (c) 2015, Ahmad Nassri <ahmad@ahmadnassri.com>),
hosted-git-info (Copyright (c) 2015, Rebecca Turner), ignore-walk (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), json-stringify-safe (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
lru-cache (Copyright (c) 2018 Arbaz Siddiqui), node-object-hash (Copyright (c) 2017, Alexander Kureniov),
npm-package-arg (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter), npm-packlist (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), npm-pick-manifest (Copyright (c) npm, Inc.), npm-profile (Copyright npm, Inc),
nyc (Copyright (c) 2015, Contributors), request-promise (Copyright (c) 2017, Nicolai Kamenzky, 
Ty Abonil, and contributors), semver (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
ssri (Copyright (c) npm, Inc.), tar (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
yargs-parser (Copyright (c) 2016, Contributors), are-we-there-yet (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner),
chownr (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), cliui (Copyright (c) 2015  Contributors), 
es5-ext (Copyright (c) 2011-2018, Mariusz Nowak, @medikoo, medikoo.com), fs-minipass 
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),glob-parent (Copyright (c) 2015 Elan Shanker), 
howeyc/gopass (Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey), ignore-walk (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), memoizee (Copyright (c) 2012-2018  Mariusz Nowak  @medikoo  medikoo.com), 
minipass (Copyright (c) npm, Inc. and Contributors), mute-stream (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter 
and Contributors), npm-bundled (Copyright (c) npm, Inc. and Contributors), npm-packlist 
(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), osenv (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),
sax (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors,Copyright Mathias Bynens <https://mathiasbynens.be/>),
which (Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors), test-exclude (Copyright (c) 2016  Contributors), 
wide-align (Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is 
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE 
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS 
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT 
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 

libXdmcp (Copyright (c) 2013, Oracle and/or its affiliates)
ncurses-terminfo-base(Copyright:  1994 X Consortium)
ncurses-terminfo(Copyright:  1994 X Consortium)
ncurses-libs(Copyright (c)1998-2016 Free Software Foundation; Inc.;Copyright 2001 by Pradeep Padala)
xauth (Copyright 1989,1998  The Open Group)

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation.
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.

libcurl(Copyright (c) 1996 - 2018, Daniel Stenberg, and many contributors)
python-pycurl (Copyright (C) 2001-2008 by Kjetil Jacobsen, Copyright (C) 
2001-2008 by Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer;Copyright (C) 2013-2014 by Oleg Pudeyev)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

libxcursor1

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and
that the name of Keith Packard not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.  Keith Packard makes no representations about the suitability of
this software for any purpose.  It is provided ""as is"" without express or
implied warranty.

KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT
SHALL KEITH PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

libepoxy0
(Copyright: 2013-2014 Intel Corporation)

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
 copy of this software and/or associated documentation files (the
 ""Materials""), to deal in the Materials without restriction, including
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Materials, and to
 permit persons to whom the Materials are furnished to do so, subject to
 the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
 in all copies or substantial portions of the Materials.

 THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
 IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
 TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
 MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE MATERIALS.
 
libicu55
(Copyright (c) 1995-2013 International Business Machines Corporation and others)

"Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above
copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of
the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
permission notice appear in supporting documentation.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder."
 
libtiff5 (Copyright (C) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler, Copyright (C) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.)

 Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software
 and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
 provided that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission
 notice appear in all copies of the software and related
 documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics
 may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the
 software without the specific, prior written permission of Sam
 Leffler and Silicon Graphics.
 .
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS-IS"" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
 WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 .
 IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
 SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,
 OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
 PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON
 ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
 OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

libtxc-dxtn-s2tc (Copyright 2011 Rudolf Polzer )
php-common (Copyright: 2015 OndÅ™ej SurÃ½) 
python3-jwt (Copyright: 2011 Jeff Lindsay)
dns-root-data (Copyright (c) 2010-2018 Internet Corporation For Assigned Names and Numbers)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 ""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
 NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
 BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
 ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
 SOFTWARE. 
 
libwayland-client0, libwayland-cursor0, libwayland-server0 
(Copyright: Â© 2011 Cyril Brulebois)

 Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
 documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
 the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
 notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and
 that the name of the copyright holders not be used in advertising or
 publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without specific,
 written prior permission.  The copyright holders make no representations
 about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided ""as
 is"" without express or implied warranty.
 .
 THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
 INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
 EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
 DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
 TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE
 OF THIS SOFTWARE.


libgd3
(Copyright: 1991-2002, Thomas G. Lane
 1994-2002, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory
 1996-2002, Thomas Boutell (Boutell.Com, Inc.)
 1999-2002, Greg Roelofs
 1999-2002, John Ellson <ellson@lucent.com>
 1999-2002, Philip Warner
 2000-2002, Maurice Szmurlo <Maurice.Szmurlo@info.unicaen.fr>
 2000-2002, Johan Van den Brande <johan@vandenbrande.com>
 2000-2002, Doug Becker <thebeckers@home.com>
 2000-2007 Pierre-Alain Joye <pierre@libgd.org>)

 Permission has been granted to copy, distribute and modify gd in any
 context without fee, including a commercial application, provided that
 this notice is present in user-accessible supporting documentation.
 
 This does not affect your ownership of the derived work itself, and the
 intent is to assure proper credit for the authors of gd, not to
 interfere with your productive use of gd. If you have questions, ask.
 ""Derived works"" includes all programs that utilize the library. Credit
 must be given in user-accessible documentation.
 
 This software is provided ""AS IS."" The copyright holders disclaim all
 warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited to
 implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
 purpose, with respect to this code and accompanying documentation.
 
libpng12-0
Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.

  The PNG Reference Library is supplied ""AS IS"".  The Contributing Authors
  and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,
  including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of
  fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.
  assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,
  or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
  Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

  Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
  source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject
  to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.

  2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and
     must not be misrepresented as being the original source.

  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from
     any source or altered source distribution.

  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without
  fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to
  supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this
  source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be
  appreciated.

libpopt0
(Copyright (c) 1998  Red Hat Software,(C) 1998-2002 Red Hat, Inc.)

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 of this software and associated documentation files (the ""Software""), to deal
 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 .
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 .
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 X CONSORTIUM BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 .
 Except as contained in this notice, the name of the X Consortium shall not be
 used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
 in this Software without prior written authorization from the X Consortium.

libyaml-0-2 
(Copyright: 2006, Kirill Simonov)

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 Ã¢â‚¬Å“SoftwareÃ¢â‚¬Â�), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 the following conditions:
 .
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 .
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED Ã¢â‚¬Å“AS ISÃ¢â‚¬Â�, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
 NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
 BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
 ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
 SOFTWARE. 

python3-blinker (Copyright (c) The Blinker authors and contributors)
python3-urllib3 (Copyright 2008-2016 Andrey Petrov and contributors)
python-cffi-backend, python3-cffi-backend (Copyright: 2012-2016, Armin Rigo, 2012-2013, Maciej Fijalkowski)
python-ecdsa (opyright (c) 2010 Brian Warner)
python-six, python3-six(opyright (c) 2010-2018 Benjamin Peterson)

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 ""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 the following conditions:
 .
 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 .
 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
 NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
 BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
 ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
 CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
 SOFTWARE.

sudo  
(Copyright (c) 1994-1996, 1998-2018 Todd C. Miller)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

zip  
(Copyright (c) 1990-2007 Info-ZIP)

This software is provided ""as is,"" without warranty of any kind, express
or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages
arising out of the use of or inability to use this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the above disclaimer and the following restrictions:

    1. Redistributions of source code (in whole or in part) must retain
       the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list
       of conditions.

    2. Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables and libraries)
       must reproduce the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer,
       and this list of conditions in documentation and/or other materials
       provided with the distribution.  The sole exception to this condition
       is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as
       part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion
       of this license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed
       from the binary or disabled.

    3. Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating
       systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with
       modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library
       versions not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not
       be misrepresented as being the original source or, if binaries,
       compiled from the original source.  Such altered versions also must not
       be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not
       limited to, labeling of the altered versions with the names ""Info-ZIP""
       (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to, different
       capitalizations), ""Pocket UnZip,"" ""WiZ"" or ""MacZip"" without the
       explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such altered versions are further
       prohibited from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP
       e-mail addresses or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP
       will provide support for the altered versions.

    4. Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names ""Info-ZIP,"" ""Zip,"" ""UnZip,""
       ""UnZipSFX,"" ""WiZ,"" ""Pocket UnZip,"" ""Pocket Zip,"" and ""MacZip"" for its
       own source and binary releases.

zlib1g (Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler)
zlib-dev (Copyright (C) 1995-2017 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler)
libpng16-16 (Copyright (c) 1998-2016 Glenn Randers-Pehrson)

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution. 
  
openjdk-8-jre 
(http://metadata.ftp-master.debian.org/changelogs/main/o/openjdk-8/openjdk-8_8u151-b12-1~deb9u1_copyright)
openjdk-8-jre-headless
(http://metadata.ftp-master.debian.org/changelogs/main/o/openjdk-8/openjdk-8_8u151-b12-1_copyright)

NOTE: the combined work which includes the upstream components below
carries forward the OpenJDK Assembly Exception (text included below).

Packaging:
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
  a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
  ""Software""), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
  distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
  permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
  the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
  included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
  NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
  LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
  OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
  WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
  
json-stringify-safe (No copyright found), semver (No copyright found) 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 

hostcheck.c (Copyright (C) 1998 - 2012, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al)

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.


libxau (Copyright 1988, 1993, 1994, 1998  The Open Group)

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
documentation.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings
in this Software without prior written authorization from The Open Group.


clc( No Copyright Found ),cvss( Copyright (c) 2016  Aaron McCall ),
@ava/write-file-atomic(Copyright (c) 2015  Rebecca
Turner),@concordance/react(Copyright (c) 2017  Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)),browser-stdout(Copyright
2018 kumavis),child_process("Copyright (c) 2007 -
2016),concordance(Copyright (c) 2017  Mark Wubben
<mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net)),cvss(Copyright (c) 2016 
Aaron McCall),gopass(Copyright (c) 2012 Chris Howey),go-spew(Copyright
(c) 2012-2016 Dave Collins
<dave@davec.name>),hard-source-webpack-plugin("Copyright (c) 2016 
Michael """"Z"""" Goddard <mzgoddard@gmail.com>"),ignore-walk(Copyright
(c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and Contributors),minipass(Copyright Â© Isaac Z.
Schlueter),nestedtest(No Copyrights Found),node-object-hash(Copyright
(c) 2017  Alexander Kureniov),npm-bundled(No copyright
found),npm-packlist(Copyright (c) Isaac Z. Schlueter and
Contributors),npm-profile(Copyright npm  Inc),qw(Copyright (c) 2016 
Rebecca Turner <me@re-becca.org>),well-known-symbols(Copyright (c) 2017
Mark Wubben <mark@novemberborn.net> (novemberborn.net))

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. 

BigInteger

 * Copyright (c) 2003-2005  Tom Wu
 * All Rights Reserved.
 *
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 * a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 * "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 * without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 * distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 * the following conditions:
 *
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 * included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 * EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
 * WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 *
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL TOM WU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
* INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER
* RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF
* THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT
 * OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
 *
 * In addition, the following condition applies:
 *
* All redistributions must retain an intact copy of this copyright
notice
 * and disclaimer.e


buffer-browserify

Copyright (C) 2013 Romain Beauxis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


Floating point exception control

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for | 
| any purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this en- | 
| tire notice is included in all copies of any software which is or | 
| includes a copy or modification of this software and in all | 
|   copies of the supporting documentation for such software.          
| 
|                                                                      
| 
| This work was produced at the University of California, Lawrence | 
| Livermore National Laboratory under contract no. W-7405-ENG-48 | 
| between the U.S. Department of Energy and The Regents of the | 
|   University of California for the operation of UC LLNL.             
| 
|                                                                      
| 
|                              DISCLAIMER                               
| This software was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an | 
| agency of the United States Government. Neither the United States | 
| Government nor the University of California nor any of their em- | 
| ployees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any | 
| liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or | 
| usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process | 
| disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe | 
| privately-owned rights. Reference herein to any specific commer- | 
| cial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, | 
| manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or | 
| imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United | 
| States Government or the University of California. The views and | 
| opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or | 
| reflect those of the United States Government or the University | 
| of California, and shall not be used for advertising or product | 
    \  endorsement purposes.


X Window System License - X11R6.4

Copyright (c) 1998 The Open Group

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPEN GROUP BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of The Open Group shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or
other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
from The Open Group.


scripts

Copyright (C) 1999-2015, Raffaele Salmaso <raffaele@salmaso.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

strtod and dtoa

Copyright (c) 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies.
    *
    * Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
    * purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that this entire notice
    * is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy
    * or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting
    * documentation for such software.
    *
    * THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
    * WARRANTY.  IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR LUCENT MAKES ANY
    * REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY
    * OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


curl, hostcheck.c (Moby)

Copyright (C) 1998 - 2012, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without 
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice 
appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND 
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS 
IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising 
or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written 
authorization of the copyright holder.


END OF MIT-equivalent LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.0 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/HASHICORP/HCL/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/v1.11.0),
/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/KUBERNETES-1.11.0/VENDOR/GITHUB.COM/HASHICORP/GOLANG-LRU/LICENSE
[kubernetes] (https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/v1.11.0)

END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.1

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 1.1 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

CKEditor (http://ckeditor.com/download), Javassist
(http://jboss-javassist.github.io/javassist/), nss
(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/NSS),
nss-pem (https://rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/fedora/devel/rawhide/aarch64/n/nss-pem-1.0.3-9.fc29.aarch64.html),
ckeditor 4.8 (https://ckeditor.com/cke4/release/CKEditor-4.8.0),
etld_data.rb (https://rubygems.org/gems/domain_name/versions/0.5.24), msvcc.sh
(https://github.com/libffi/libffi/blob/master/msvcc.sh), 
JS_IMPLEMENTED [Esprima (node)] (Copyright (C) 2004 the Initial
Developer.), MSVCC.SH [ffi (Ruby Gem)]
(https://github.com/ffi/ffi/tree/1.11.1), CKEDITOR
(http://registry.npmjs.org/ckeditor/-/ckeditor-4.11.4.tgz)

END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 1.1 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained 
under the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0 (source code available via 
the indicated URL): 

BIND (http://ftp.isc.org/isc/bind9/9.11.2/bind-9.11.2.tar.gz),
botocore/vendored/requests/cacert.pem
(https://github.com/boto/botocore/tree/1.7.32), ca-certificates
(debian)-20161130(Mozilla files) (Not Found), cacert.pem (not
available), czmq (https://github.com/zeromq/czmq/tree/v2.2.0),
dhcp4client (https://github.com/d2g/dhcp4client), errwrap
(https://github.com/hashicorp/errwrap/commit/7554cd9344cec97297fa6649b05
5a8c98c2a1e55), go-immutable-radix
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/commit/8aac2701530899b6
4bdea735a1de8da899815220), go-multierror
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/commit/b7773ae218740a7be6505
7fc60b366a49b538a44), go-sockaddr
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/commit/9b4c5fa5b10a683339a270d
664474b9f4aee62fc), golang-lru
(https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru), hcl
(https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl), memberlist
(https://github.com/hashicorp/memberlist/releases/tag/v0.1.0),
unknown-mpl-v2 (https://opensource.org/licenses/MPL-2.0),
vendor/github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/LICENSE (Not Required),
cacert.pem (not found), hashicorp/golang-lru
(https://github.com/jcmoraisjr/haproxy-ingress/tree/d03b4d2c4866c8f7db62
e5056589959b9247cf9d), amqplib-tutorials(https://github.com/squaremo/amqp.node/tree/v0.0.1),cer
tifi(https://pypi.python.org/packages/),Mozilla
NSPR(https://www.rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/opensuse/updates/leap/42.1/oss/x8
6_64/mozilla-nspr-4.13.1-13.1.x86_64.html),Mozilla
NSS(https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Projects/NSS/NSS_3.
30.1_release_notes),ZeroMQ(http://www.zeromq.org/),
libcairo2(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libcairo2),libcairo-gobjec
t2(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libcairo-gobject2),libnss3(https:
//packages.debian.org/stretch/libnss3),libnspr4(https://packages.debian.
org/stretch/libnspr4),libnss3(https://packages.debian.org/stretch/libnss
3),nspr(http://rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/centos/6.9/i386/Packages/nspr-4.13.
1-1.el6.i686.html),nss(http://rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/centos/updates/7.4.1
708/x86_64/Packages/nss-3.28.4-11.el7_4.i686.html),nss-softokn(http://rp
m.pbone.net/index.php3/stat/4/idpl/35490550/dir/centos_7/com/nss-softokn
-3.16.2.3-14.4.el7.x86_64.rpm.html),nss-softokn-freebl(http://rpm.pbone.
net/index.php3/stat/4/idpl/33637839/dir/scientific_linux_7/com/nss-softo
kn-freebl-3.16.2.3-14.2.el7_2.i686.rpm.html),nss-sysinit(http://rpmfind.
net/linux/RPM/centos/updates/7.4.1708/x86_64/Packages/nss-sysinit-3.28.4
-15.el7_4.x86_64.html),nss-tools(http://rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/centos/upd
ates/7.4.1708/x86_64/Packages/nss-tools-3.28.4-15.el7_4.x86_64.html),nss
-util(http://rpmfind.net/linux/RPM/centos/7.4.1708/x86_64/Packages/nss-u
til-3.28.4-3.el7.i686.html),
node-whitewash
(archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/universe/n/nodejs/nodejs_8.10.0~dfsg.ori
g.tar.gz),
hashicorp/golang-lru
(https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/tree/v0.5.0),
hashicorp/golang-lru/LICENSE
(https://github.com/kubernetes/apimachinery/tree/521145febf93d5639dce48a
49ee8dc080863b034), hashicorp/golang/lru (Not Found), hashicorp/serf
(Not Found),
certifi (python) (https://github.com/certifi/python-certifi),
effective_tld_names.dat (https://rubygems.org/gems/domain_name/versions/0.5.24),
hashicorp-golang-lru (https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/archive/v0.5.0.zip),
hashicorp/go-sockaddr (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/archive/master.zip),
cli (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/archive/master.zip),
errwrap (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/archive/master.zip),
GO-CLEANHTTP (https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/tree/v0.5.0),
CERTIFI
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/c/certifi/certifi-2018.11.29.tar.gz),
DEFINITIONS.TXT
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/logstash-output-elastic_app_search-1.0.0.beta1.gem),
HASHICORP/ERRWRAP (http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.), GO-SQL-DRIVER/MYSQL
-1.4.0 (Not Required), HASHICORP/GOLANG-LRU
(https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/archive/0fb14efe8c47ae851c0034ed7a448854d3d34cf3.zip),
HASHICORP/MEMBERLIST -0.1.0 (Not Required), HASHICORP/GO-MULTIERROR
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror/archive/3d5d8f294aa03d8e98859feac328afbdf1ae0703.zip),
CKEDITOR (http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/), JSMINPLUS
(http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.), HCL [kubernetes]
(https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl), GOLANG-LRU [kubernetes]
(https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru), DHCP4CLIENT [kubernetes]
(https://github.com/d2g/dhcp4client), CERTIFI
(https://pypi.io/packages/source/c/certifi/certifi-2019.3.9.tar.gz),
CA-BUNDLE.CRT (http://rubygems.org/downloads/aws-sdk-v1-1.63.0.gem),
HASHICORP/GOLANG-LRU -0.5.0 (Not Required), HASHICORP/GO-IMMUTABLE-RADIX
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/archive/7f3cd4390caab3250a57f30efdb2a65dd7649ecf.zip),
HASHICORP/GO-SOCKADDR
(https://github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr/archive/6d291a969b86c4b633730bfc6b8b9d64c3aafed9.zip),
MITCHELLH/CLI (http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.)

END OF MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE, VERSION 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Microsoft Public License:

PCH.H [Python]

END OF MICROSOFT PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained under
the Netscape Public License (source code available via the indicated
URL):

DEFAULT JAVASCRIPT MESSAGES FILE. [jquery.tablesorter]
(build/js.jar/org/mozilla/javascript/resources/Messages.properties)

END OF NETSCAPE PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

OTHER LICENSE 

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under a other license:

google-java-format-diff (google-java-format)

LLVM Release License
==============================================================================
University of Illinois/NCSA
Open Source License
Copyright (c) 2007-2015 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
All rights reserved.
Developed by:
LLVM Team
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
http://llvm.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.

==============================================================================
The LLVM software contains code written by third parties. Such software will
have its own individual LICENSE.TXT file in the directory in which it appears.
This file will describe the copyrights, license, and restrictions which apply
to that code.

The disclaimer of warranty in the University of Illinois Open Source License
applies to all code in the LLVM Distribution, and nothing in any of the
other licenses gives permission to use the names of the LLVM Team or the
University of Illinois to endorse or promote products derived from this
Software.

The following pieces of software have additional or alternate copyrights,
licenses, and/or restrictions:


ax_prog_cc_for_build.m4 (Audit)

Copyright (c) 2008 Paolo Bonzini <bonzini@gnu.org>

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are
# permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice
# and this notice are preserved. This file is offered as-is, without any
# warranty.

ipadic (ICU)

Copyright 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 Nara Institute of Science
and Technology.

# Use, reproduction, and distribution of this software is permitted.
# Any copy of this software, whether in its original form or modified,
# must include both the above copyright notice and the following
# paragraphs.
#
# Nara Institute of Science and Technology (NAIST),
# the copyright holders, disclaims all warranties with regard to this
# software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and
# fitness, in no event shall NAIST be liable for
# any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
# whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an
# action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising out
# of or in connection with the use or performance of this software.
#
# A large portion of the dictionary entries
# originate from ICOT Free Software. The following conditions for ICOT
# Free Software applies to the current dictionary as well.
#
# Each User may also freely distribute the Program, whether in its
# original form or modified, to any third party or parties, PROVIDED
# that the provisions of Section 3 ("NO WARRANTY") will ALWAYS appear
# on, or be attached to, the Program, which is distributed substantially
# in the same form as set out herein and that such intended
# distribution, if actually made, will neither violate or otherwise
# contravene any of the laws and regulations of the countries having
# jurisdiction over the User or the intended distribution itself.
#
# NO WARRANTY
#
# The program was produced on an experimental basis in the course of the
# research and development conducted during the project and is provided
# to users as so produced on an experimental basis. Accordingly, the
# program is provided without any warranty whatsoever, whether express,
# implied, statutory or otherwise. The term "warranty" used herein
# includes, but is not limited to, any warranty of the quality,
# performance, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose of
# the program and the nonexistence of any infringement or violation of
# any right of any third party.
#
# Each user of the program will agree and understand, and be deemed to
# have agreed and understood, that there is no warranty whatsoever for
# the program and, accordingly, the entire risk arising from or
# otherwise connected with the program is assumed by the user.
#
# Therefore, neither ICOT, the copyright holder, or any other
# organization that participated in or was otherwise related to the
# development of the program and their respective officials, directors,
# officers and other employees shall be held liable for any and all
# damages, including, without limitation, general, special, incidental
# and consequential damages, arising out of or otherwise in connection
# with the use or inability to use the program or any product, material
# or result produced or otherwise obtained by using the program,
# regardless of whether they have been advised of, or otherwise had
# knowledge of, the possibility of such damages at any time during the
# project or thereafter. Each user will be deemed to have agreed to the
# foregoing by his or her commencement of use of the program. The term
# "use" as used herein includes, but is not limited to, the use,
# modification, copying and distribution of the program and the
# production of secondary products from the program.
#
# In the case where the program, whether in its original form or
# modified, was distributed or delivered to or received by a user from
# any person, organization or entity other than ICOT, unless it makes or
# grants independently of ICOT any specific warranty to the user in
# writing, such person, organization or entity, will also be exempted
# from and not be held liable to the user for any such damages as noted
# above as far as the program is concerned.
#

md5crypt.h (OpenSSH)

"THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
* <phk@login.dknet.dk> wrote this file. As long as you retain this
* notice you can do whatever you want with this stuff. If we meet some
* day, and you think this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a beer in
* return. Poul-Henning Kamp

END OF OTHER LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

PHP LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the PHP License:

innotop, php7.1-fpm, php7.1-imap , php7.1-intl
php7.1-mbstring, php7.1-mcrypt, php7.1-zip
php7.1-cli,php7.1-common,php7.1-curl,php7.1-gd,php7.1-json,php7.1-ldap,p
hp7.1-mysql,php7.1-opcache,php7.1-readline,php7.1-xml,php7.1-fpm,php7.1-
imap,php7.1-intl,php7.1-mbstring,php7.1-mcrypt,php7.1-zip

-------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                  The PHP License, version 3.01
Copyright (c) 1999 - 2012 The PHP Group. All rights reserved.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, is permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
     the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.
 
  3. The name "PHP" must not be used to endorse or promote products
     derived from this software without prior written permission. For
     written permission, please contact group@php.net.
  
  4. Products derived from this software may not be called "PHP", nor
     may "PHP" appear in their name, without prior written permission
     from group@php.net.  You may indicate that your software works in
     conjunction with PHP by saying "Foo for PHP" instead of calling
     it "PHP Foo" or "phpfoo"
 
  5. The PHP Group may publish revised and/or new versions of the
     license from time to time. Each version will be given a
     distinguishing version number.
     Once covered code has been published under a particular version
     of the license, you may always continue to use it under the terms
     of that version. You may also choose to use such covered code
     under the terms of any subsequent version of the license
     published by the PHP Group. No one other than the PHP Group has
     the right to modify the terms applicable to covered code created
     under this License.

  6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
     acknowledgment:
     "This product includes PHP software, freely available from
     <http://www.php.net/software/>".

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PHP DEVELOPMENT TEAM ``AS IS'' AND 
ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PHP
DEVELOPMENT TEAM OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- 
This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many
individuals on behalf of the PHP Group.

The PHP Group can be contacted via Email at group@php.net.

For more information on the PHP Group and the PHP project, 
please see <http://www.php.net>.

PHP includes the Zend Engine, freely available at
<http://www.zend.com>.

END OF PHP LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Python License:

Ansible-2.4.1.0(module_utils python files ), Examples, IPv4/IPv6,
Lib/posixpath.py, pidlockfile.py, python-2-1-1.txt, selectors2.py,
unknown-python, ssl_match_hostname (Primary Package: py2-pip-9.0.1),
futures, backports.ssl-match-hostname, libXrender,
python,python-libs,libpython2.7,libpython2.7-minimal,libpython2.7-stdlib
,libpython3.5-minimal,libpython3.5-stdlib,libpython3-stdlib,libpython-st
dlib,python2.7,python2.7-minimal,python3,python3.5,python3.5-minimal,pyt
hon3-minimal,python-minimal,python-pkg-resources,libpython2.7-minimal,li
bpython2.7-stdlib,python2.7,python2.7-minimal,python2,libpython2.7,libpy
thon2.7-dev,libpython2.7-minimal,libpython2.7-stdlib,libpython3.5,python
2.7,python2.7-dev,python2.7-minimal,python3.5,python3.5-minimal,libpytho
n3.5-minimal,libpython3.5-stdlib,libpython2.7:amd64,libpython2.7-dev:amd
64,libpython2.7-minimal:amd64,libpython2.7-stdlib:amd64,libpython3.5:amd
64,libpython3.5-minimal:amd64,libpython3.5-stdlib:amd64,libpython3-stdli
b:amd64,libpython-all-dev:amd64,libpython-dev:amd64,libpython-stdlib:amd
64,python,python3,python3-gdbm:amd64,python3-minimal,python3-pkg-resourc
es,python3-serial,python-all,python-all-dev,python-dev,python-ipaddress,
python-minimal,python-pkg-resources,python-setuptools,
_init_.py, match_hostname(), Medusa, nodejs-posixpath, 
functools32 3.2.3.post2, ipaddress 1.0.19, Python 2.7,
BACKPORTS.SSL_MATCH_HOSTNAME, TEXTWRAP.DEDENT,
LEGAL, UUENCODE AND UUDECODE FUNCTIONS [Python], VENV [Python],
IPADDRESS, ROBOTFILEPARSER [Python], AST [Python], PGEN2 [Python],
ABSTRACT BASE CLASSES [Python], MULTIPROCESSING [Python], WSGIREF,
LEGAL, XML REMOTE PROCEDURE CALLS [Python], GENCODEC [Python], PYBENCH
[Python], IMPORTLIB, EXECUTION TRACING [Python], ETREE/ELEMENTINCLUDE.PY
[Python], ASYNCHRONOUS SOCKET SERVICES [Python], ARGUMENT CLINIC
[Python], COOKIE MANAGEMENT [Python], LEGAL, EXECUTION TRACING [Python],
EXECUTE COMPUTATIONS ASYNCHRONOUSLY USING THREADS OR PROCESSES [Python],
BDIST [Python], LEGAL, COOKIE MANAGEMENT [Python], EMAIL, PIDLOCKFILE.PY
[Pip], CLEANUP.PY [Python], PYTHON, SECRET LABS' REGULAR EXPRESSION
ENGINE [Python], HASHLIB [Python], TRACE.PY [Python], LEGAL, PYBENCH
[Python], SUBPROCESS [Python], FUTURES, C_ANNOTATIONS.PY [Python],
WEAKREF_BACKPORTS.PY [celery (Python)], UUENCODE AND UUDECODE FUNCTIONS
[Python], LEGAL, ASYNCHRONOUS SOCKET SERVICES [Python], IPADDRESS.PY,
ASYNCIO, XML REMOTE PROCEDURE CALLS [Python], COMPARECODECS [Python],
MD5 INTERFACE [Python]


A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting
Mathematisch Centrum (CWI, see http://www.cwi.nl) in the Netherlands
as a successor of a language called ABC.  Guido remains Python's
principal author, although it includes many contributions from others.

In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for
National Research Initiatives (CNRI, see http://www.cnri.reston.va.us)
in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the
software.

In May 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to
BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team.  In October of the same
year, the PythonLabs team moved to Digital Creations (now Zope
Corporation, see http://www.zope.com).  In 2001, the Python Software
Foundation (PSF, see http://www.python.org/psf/) was formed, a
non-profit organization created specifically to own Python-related
Intellectual Property.  Zope Corporation is a sponsoring member of
the PSF.

All Python releases are Open Source (see http://www.opensource.org for
the Open Source Definition).  Historically, most, but not all, Python
releases have also been GPL-compatible; the table below summarizes
the various releases.

    Release         Derived     Year        Owner       GPL-
                    from                                compatible? (1)

    0.9.0 thru 1.2              1991-1995   CWI         yes
    1.3 thru 1.5.2  1.2         1995-1999   CNRI        yes
    1.6             1.5.2       2000        CNRI        no
    2.0             1.6         2000        BeOpen.com  no
    1.6.1           1.6         2001        CNRI        yes (2)
    2.1             2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         no
    2.0.1           2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.1           2.1+2.0.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.2             2.1.1       2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.2           2.1.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.1.3           2.1.2       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.1           2.2         2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.2           2.2.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.3           2.2.2       2003        PSF         yes
    2.3             2.2.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.1           2.3         2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.2           2.3.1       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.3           2.3.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.4           2.3.3       2004        PSF         yes
    2.3.5           2.3.4       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4             2.3         2004        PSF         yes
    2.4.1           2.4         2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.2           2.4.1       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.3           2.4.2       2006        PSF         yes
    2.4.4           2.4.3       2006        PSF         yes
    2.5             2.4         2006        PSF         yes
    2.5.1           2.5         2007        PSF         yes
    2.5.2           2.5.1       2008        PSF         yes
    2.5.3           2.5.2       2008        PSF         yes
    2.6             2.5         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.1           2.6         2008        PSF         yes
    2.6.2           2.6.1       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.3           2.6.2       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.4           2.6.3       2009        PSF         yes
    2.6.5           2.6.4       2010        PSF         yes
    2.7             2.6         2010        PSF         yes

Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
2011, 2012 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python
alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


Additional Conditions for this Windows binary build
---------------------------------------------------

This program is linked with and uses Microsoft Distributable Code,
copyrighted by Microsoft Corporation. The Microsoft Distributable Code
includes the following files:

msvcr90.dll
msvcp90.dll
msvcm90.dll

If you further distribute programs that include the Microsoft
Distributable Code, you must comply with the restrictions on
distribution specified by Microsoft. In particular, you must require
distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect the
Microsoft Distributable Code at least as much as Microsoft's own
requirements for the Distributable Code. See Microsoft's documentation
(included in its developer tools and on its website at microsoft.com)
for specific details.

Redistribution of the Windows binary build of the Python interpreter
complies with this agreement, provided that you do not:

- alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in Microsoft's
Distributable Code;

- use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

- distribute Microsoft's Distributable Code to run on a platform other
than Microsoft operating systems, run-time technologies or application
platforms; or

- include Microsoft Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or
unlawful programs.

These restrictions apply only to the Microsoft Distributable Code as
defined above, not to Python itself or any programs running on the
Python interpreter. The redistribution of the Python interpreter and
libraries is governed by the Python Software License included with this
file, or by other licenses as marked.


This copy of Python includes a copy of bzip2, which is licensed under the following terms:


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program, "bzip2", the associated library "libbzip2", and all
documentation, are copyright (C) 1996-2007 Julian R Seward.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Julian Seward, jseward@bzip.org
bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.5 of 10 December 2007

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This copy of Python includes a copy of Berkeley DB, which is licensed under the following terms:

/*-
 * $Id: LICENSE,v 12.9 2008/02/07 17:12:17 mark Exp $
 */

The following is the license that applies to this copy of the Berkeley DB
software.  For a license to use the Berkeley DB software under conditions
other than those described here, or to purchase support for this software,
please contact Oracle at berkeleydb-info_us@oracle.com.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990,2008 Oracle.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Redistributions in any form must be accompanied by information on
 *    how to obtain complete source code for the DB software and any
 *    accompanying software that uses the DB software.  The source code
 *    must either be included in the distribution or be available for no
 *    more than the cost of distribution plus a nominal fee, and must be
 *    freely redistributable under reasonable conditions.  For an
 *    executable file, complete source code means the source code for all
 *    modules it contains.  It does not include source code for modules or
 *    files that typically accompany the major components of the operating
 *    system on which the executable file runs.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ORACLE ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
 * NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
 * BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
 * IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995
 * The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1995, 1996
 * The President and Fellows of Harvard University.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY HARVARD AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/***
 * ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 * Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

This copy of Python includes a copy of openssl, which is licensed under the following terms:


  LICENSE ISSUES
  ==============

  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

  OpenSSL License
  ---------------

/* ====================================================================
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2008 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 *
 */

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 */


This copy of Python includes a copy of Tcl, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState
Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files
associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in
individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tk, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., and other parties.  The following
terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly
disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license.

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tix, which is licensed under the following terms:

Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Ioi Kim Lam.
Copyright (c) 2000-2001 Tix Project Group.
Copyright (c) 2004 ActiveState

This software is copyrighted by the above entities
and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated
with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Parts of this software are based on the Tcl/Tk software copyrighted by
the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc.,
and other parties. The original license terms of the Tcl/Tk software
distribution is included in the file docs/license.tcltk.

Parts of this software are based on the HTML Library software
copyrighted by Sun Microsystems, Inc. The original license terms of
the HTML Library software distribution is included in the file
docs/license.html_lib.

END OF PYTHON LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained under
the RegEx Henry Spencer License.

MYSQL-5.7.17-0/REGEX/COPYRIGHT [MySQL] (Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry
Spencer.)

Copyright 1992, 1993, 1994 Henry Spencer.  All rights reserved.
This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone 
and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on
any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it, subject
to the following restrictions:

1. The author is not responsible for the consequences of use of this
   software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by
   explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,
   credits must appear in the documentation.

3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users
   ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.

4. This notice may not be removed or altered.

END OF REGEX HENRY SPENCER LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

RUBY LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Ruby License (source code available via the indicated URL):

minitar (Ruby Gem) (https://rubygems.org/downloads/minitar-0.5.4.gem),
RDoc (https://rubygems.org/gems/rdoc/versions/4.0.0), Ruby free software
(http://www.jruby.org/download), xmpp4r (Copyright (c) Lucas Nussbaum , Stephan Maka),
(RubyGem) json (https://rubygems.org/gems/json/versions/1.8.6-java), 
MARKUP.RB [rdoc (Ruby Gem)]
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/rdoc-6.1.1.gem), STRING.RB - EXTENSION
FOR STRING. [i18n (Ruby Gem)]
(https://github.com/mutoh/gettext/tree/f6566738b981fe0952548c421042ad1e0cdfb31e),
URI/COMMON.RB (Not Required), RESOLV.RB [logstash-core]
(https://github.com/elastic/logstash/archive/fb5eba8c8ae75fa558e977fcc15c8df41cdeb265.zip),
JSON (RUBYGEM) (https://github.com/flori/json/releases/tag/v1.8.3), RDOC
(RUBY GEM) (http://rubygems.org/downloads/rdoc-6.1.1.gem), TESTCASE (Not
Required), TESTRUNNER (Not Required), BUFFEREDTOKENIZER (Not Required),
CPARSE.C [cparse-jruby] (Not Found), TEST-UNIT
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/test-unit-2.1.1.gem), XML-SIMPLE
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/xml-simple-1.1.5.gem), TEST_FAILURE (Not
Required), JSON (http://rubygems.org/downloads/json-1.8.0-java.gem),
BINDATA (http://rubygems.org/downloads/bindata-2.4.4.gem), MINITAR
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/minitar-0.8.gem),
JSON (http://rubygems.org/downloads/json-1.8.3.gem),
XML-SIMPLE (http://rubygems.org/downloads/xml-simple-1.1.5.gem), JSON
(http://rubygems.org/downloads/json-1.7.7.gem), RUBY
(https://github.com/ruby/ruby/tree/v2_3_0)


Ruby is copyrighted free software by Yukihiro Matsumoto <matz@netlab.co.jp>.  You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL (see GPL file), or the conditions below:

1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:
a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them Freely Available, such as by posting said \t modifications to Usenet or an equivalent medium, or by allowing \t the author to include your modifications in the software.
b) use the modified software only within your corporation or organization.
c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with standard executables, which must also be provided.
d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.

3. You may distribute the software in object code or executable form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:
a) distribute the executables and library files of the software, together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where to get the original distribution.
b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the software.
c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, with instructions on where to get the original software distribution.
d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.

4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other software (possibly commercial). But some files in the distribution are not written by the author, so that they are not under this terms.

They are gc.c(partly), utils.c(partly), regex.[ch], st.[ch] and some files under the ./missing directory. See each file for the copying condition.

END OF RUBY LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

RUBY LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Ruby License (source code available via the indicated URL):

http.rb (Ruby: From https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/about/license.txt),
OpenSSL for Ruby 2 (Ruby: From
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/about/license.txt), rd.rb (Ruby: From
https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/about/license.txt), test-unit.rb (Ruby:
From https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/about/license.txt), Test::unit (Ruby:
From https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/about/license.txt),
buftok (https://github.com/sferik/buftok/blob/master/LICENSE.md),
json (https://github.com/flori/json/tree/master),
minitar (https://github.com/halostatue/minitar/blob/master/docs/ruby.txt),
test-unit (https://github.com/test-unit/test-unit/blob/master/COPYING),
xml-simple (https://github.com/maik/xml-simple)
Ruby (https://packages.debian.org/jessie/ruby)
ruby-json (https://packages.debian.org/jessie/ruby-json)
ruby-libs (https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/),
Logtash (https://rubygems.org/gems/logstash-core/versions/5.6.5-java),
node-perl (http://curl.haxx.se/),

Ruby is copyrighted free software by Yukihiro Matsumoto <matz@netlab.jp>.
You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the
2-clause BSDL (see the file BSDL), or the conditions below:

  1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
     software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
     original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

  2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that
     you do at least ONE of the following:

       a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise
          make them Freely Available, such as by posting said
	  modifications to Usenet or an equivalent medium, or by allowing
	  the author to include your modifications in the software.

       b) use the modified software only within your corporation or
          organization.

       c) give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
          instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

       d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.

  3. You may distribute the software in object code or binary form,
     provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

       a) distribute the binaries and library files of the software,
	  together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent)
	  on where to get the original distribution.

       b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
	  the software.

       c) give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
          instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

       d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.

  4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
     software (possibly commercial).  But some files in the distribution
     are not written by the author, so that they are not under these terms.

     For the list of those files and their copying conditions, see the
     file LEGAL.

  5. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as
     output from the software do not automatically fall under the
     copyright of the software, but belong to whomever generated them,
     and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
     software.

  6. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
     IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
     WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
     PURPOSE.

END OF RUBY LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

RUBY LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Ruby License (source code available via the indicated URL):

http.rb.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), json-ruby 2.1.9
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), OpenSSL
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), protocol.rb
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), RDoc 4.1.2.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), Ruby 1.8
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), Ruby 1.9.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), Ruby 2.0.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), uri.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), xmlrpc.
(http://central.maven.org/maven2/org/jruby/jruby-stdlib/1.7.26/jruby-std
lib-1.7.26.jar), bindata (http://rubygems.org/downloads/bindata-2.4.1.gem),
bindata (http://rubygems.org/downloads/bindata-2.4.3.gem), Mongrel Web
Server (https://rubygems.org/gems/puma/versions/2.16.0),
MONGREL WEB SERVER [puma (Ruby Gem)]
(https://rubygems.org/gems/puma/versions/2.16.0), CPARSE-JRUBY
(https://github.com/tenderlove/racc/blob/master/ext/racc/com/headius/racc/Cparse.java),
MINITAR-0.8 (Not Required), 
TEST-UNIT.GEMSPEC [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/gems/test-unit-3.2.7/test-unit.gemspec), RUBY-ELECTRIC.EL
[ruby] (ruby-2.5.0-0/misc/ruby-electric.el), XMLRPC.GEMSPEC [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/gems/xmlrpc-0.3.0/xmlrpc.gemspec), LOGGER.RB [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/lib/logger.rb), RDOC.GEMSPEC [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/lib/rdoc/rdoc.gemspec), XMLRPC [ruby] (Not Found),
RUBYGEMS.RB [ruby] (ruby-2.5.0-0/lib/rubygems.rb), COMMON.RB [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/lib/uri/common.rb), CONSOLE.RB [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/gems/test-unit-3.2.7.gem/data.tar.gz-unzip/data.tar/lib/test/unit/runner/console.rb),
RUBY-ELECTRIC [ruby] (Not Found), TESTRUNNER.RB [ruby]
(ruby-2.5.0-0/gems/test-unit-3.2.7/lib/test/unit/ui/console/testrunner.rb),
MINGW_ATTRIB_PURE [ruby] (Not Found)


Ruby is copyrighted free software by Yukihiro Matsumoto <matz@netlab.jp>.
You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the
2-clause BSDL (see the file BSDL), or the conditions below:

  1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
     software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
     original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.

  2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that
     you do at least ONE of the following:

       a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise
          make them Freely Available, such as by posting said
	  modifications to Usenet or an equivalent medium, or by allowing
	  the author to include your modifications in the software.

       b) use the modified software only within your corporation or
          organization.

       c) give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
          instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

       d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.

  3. You may distribute the software in object code or binary form,
     provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

       a) distribute the binaries and library files of the software,
	  together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent)
	  on where to get the original distribution.

       b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
	  the software.

       c) give non-standard binaries non-standard names, with
          instructions on where to get the original software distribution.

       d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
	

  4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
     software (possibly commercial).
  
  5. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as
     output from the software do not automatically fall under the
     copyright of the software, but belong to whomever generated them,
     and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
     software.

  6. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
     IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
     WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
     PURPOSE.

END OF RUBY LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNICODE

The Program includes some or all of the following works licensed under
the UNICODE

ICU-SMALL [NodeJS]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated documentation
(the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation
(the "Software") to deal in the Data Files or Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of
the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files
or Software are furnished to do so, provided that either
(a) this copyright and permission notice appear with all copies
of the Data Files or Software, or
(b) this copyright and permission notice appear in associated
Documentation.

THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS
NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior
written authorization of the copyright holder.

END OF UNICODE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNIQUE LICENSE 

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under a unique license:

OpenSSL (ecc)
Copyright 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
https://github.com/plenluno/openssl/blob/master/openssl/crypto/bn/bn_gf2m.c

 * The Elliptic Curve Public-Key Crypto Library (ECC Code) included
 * herein is developed by SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., and is contributed
 * to the OpenSSL project.
 *
 * The ECC Code is licensed pursuant to the OpenSSL open source
 * license provided below.
 *
 * In addition, Sun covenants to all licensees who provide a reciprocal
 * covenant with respect to their own patents if any, not to sue under
 * current and future patent claims necessarily infringed by the making,
 * using, practicing, selling, offering for sale and/or otherwise
 * disposing of the ECC Code as delivered hereunder (or portions thereof),
 * provided that such covenant shall not apply:
 *  1) for code that a licensee deletes from the ECC Code;
 *  2) separates from the ECC Code; or
 *  3) for infringements caused by:
 *       i) the modification of the ECC Code or
 *      ii) the combination of the ECC Code with other software or
 *          devices where such combination causes the infringement.
 *
 * The software is originally written by Sheueling Chang Shantz and
 * Douglas Stebila of Sun Microsystems Laboratories.


/* NOTE: This file is licensed pursuant to the OpenSSL license below
 * and may be modified; but after modifications, the above covenant
 * may no longer apply!  In such cases, the corresponding paragraph
 * ["In addition, Sun covenants ... causes the infringement."] and
 * this note can be edited out; but please keep the Sun copyright
 * notice and attribution. */
 
scanelf (from gentoo pax-utils)-1.1.6(pspax)
Ned Ludd--solarx

As long as you retain this notice you can do whatever you want with this */
/* stuff. If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it, */
/* you can buy me a beer in return.

NodeJS (jiju)
Alex Kocharin <alex@kocharin.ru>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
as the name is changed.

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

OpenJDK (RSA PKCS11 Cryptoki)
http://hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk8/jdk8/rev/2a8f4c022aa0
No copyright found

License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is
identified as "RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11 Cryptographic Token Interface
(Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or referencing this software.

License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that
such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11
Cryptographic Token Interface (Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or
referencing the derived work.

OpenJDK (Taligent)
openjdk/jdk/test/java/util/Locale/Bug4184873Test.java
Taligent, Inc.
http://hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk8/jdk8/rev/2a8f4c022aa0

* The original version of this source code and documentation
* is copyrighted and owned by Taligent, Inc., a wholly-owned
* subsidiary of IBM. These materials are provided under terms
* of a License Agreement between Taligent and Sun. This technology
* is protected by multiple US and International patents.
*
* This notice and attribution to Taligent may not be removed.
* Taligent is a registered trademark of Taligent, Inc.
*
* Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
* and its documentation for NON-COMMERCIAL purposes and without
* fee is hereby granted provided that this copyright notice
* appears in all copies. Please refer to the file "copyright.html"
* for further important copyright and licensing information.

foreign/trex/readme.txt (czmq)
Copyright (C) 2003-2006 Alberto Demichelis
https://github.com/zeromq/czmq/tree/v2.2.0

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for
any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter
it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented;
you must not claim that you wrote the original software.
If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment
in the product documentation would be appreciated but
is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such,
and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any
source distribution.

NewRelic (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 New Relic, Inc., https://github.com/newrelic/node-newrelic/releases/)
newrelic-native-metrics (Copyright (c) 2016 New Relic  Inc., https://github.com/newrelic/node-native-metrics/releases/),
node-newrelic 4.8.1 (Copyright (c) 2008-2016 New Relic, Inc.  All rights reserved.)


All components of this product are
Copyright (c) 2008-2016 New Relic, Inc.  All rights reserved.

Certain inventions disclosed in this file may be claimed within
patents owned or patent applications filed by New Relic, Inc. or third
parties.

Subject to the terms of this notice, New Relic grants you a nonexclusive,
nontransferable license, without the right to sublicense, to (a) install and
execute one copy of these files on any number of workstations owned or
controlled by you and (b) distribute verbatim copies of these files to third
parties.  You may install, execute, and distribute these files and their
contents only in conjunction with your direct use of New Relicâ€™s services.
These files and their contents shall not be used in conjunction with any other
product or software, including but not limited to those that may compete with
any New Relic product, feature, or software. As a condition to the foregoing
grant, you must provide this notice along with each copy you distribute and you
must not remove, alter, or obscure this notice.  In the event you submit or
provide any feedback, code, pull requests, or suggestions to New Relic you
hereby grant New Relic a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferrable,
fully paid-up license to use the code, algorithms, patents, and ideas therein in
our products.

All other use, reproduction, modification, distribution, or other exploitation
of these files is strictly prohibited, except as may be set forth in a separate
written license agreement between you and New Relic.  The terms of any such
license agreement will control over this notice.  The license stated above will
be automatically terminated and revoked if you exceed its scope or violate any
of the terms of this notice.

This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of New Relic, except as required for reasonable
and customary use in describing the origin of this file and reproducing the
content of this notice.  You may not mark or brand this file with any trade
name, trademarks, service marks, or product names other than the original brand
(if any) provided by New Relic.

Unless otherwise expressly agreed by New Relic in a separate written license
agreement, these files are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
including without any implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, or NON-INFRINGEMENT.  As a condition to your use of
these files, you are solely responsible for such use. New Relic will have no
liability to you for direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, or
punitive damages or for lost profits or data.

This product includes certificates from Symantec which are used under the
following license
(http://www.symantec.com/content/en/us/about/media/repository/root-certificate-license-agreement.pdf)
:

ROOT CERTIFICATE LICENSE AGREEMENT
SYMANTEC CORPORATION AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES (â€œSYMANTECâ€�) IS WILLING TO PROVIDE
THE ROOT CERTIFICATES TO YOU AS THE INDIVIDUAL, THE COMPANY, OR THE LEGAL
ENTITY THAT WILL BE UTILIZING THE ROOT CERTIFICATES (REFERENCED BELOW AS â€œYOUâ€�
OR â€œYOURâ€�) ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT (â€œAGREEMENTâ€�). READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT
CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE ROOT CERTIFICATES. THIS IS A LEGAL AND ENFORCEABLE
CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND SYMANTEC. BY USING THE ROOT CERTIFICATES, YOU AGREE TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS, MAKE NO FURTHER USE OF THE ROOT CERTIFICATES. UNLESS OTHERWISE
DEFINED HEREIN, CAPITALIZED TERMS WILL HAVE THE MEANING GIVEN IN THE
â€œDEFINITIONSâ€� SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SUCH CAPITALIZED TERMS MAY BE USED
IN THE SINGULAR OR IN THE PLURAL, AS THE CONTEXT REQUIRES.
If You require a counter-signed copy of this Agreement, sign the Agreement and
send it via email to dl-tss-root@symantec.com. You may make use of the Root
Certificates prior to Your receipt of a fully signed copy of this Agreement.

ROOT CERTIFICATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
"Certificate" means an electronic file that, at least, states a name or
identifies the issuing Certificate Authority, identifies the subscriber,
contains the subscriber's public key, identifies the Certificate's operational
period, contains a Certificate serial number, and contains a digital signature
of the issuing Certificate Authority.  â€œCertificate Authorityâ€� or â€œCAâ€� means a
person or entity authorized to issue, suspend, or revoke Certificates.
â€œIntermediate CAâ€� means a CA Certificate signed by a Root Certificate
Intermediate that issues Certificates either to end-entities or other
Certificate Authorities, but not to both.
"Products" means all versions of Your product or service with which the Root
Certificates are incorporated (including successor products and services or any
major or minor upgrades thereto).
"Root Certificate" means a self-signed Certificate issued by a top-level
Certificate Authority to itself, which includes such Certificate Authority's
public key. The Root Certificates and Root Certificate files to be provided by
Company to Customer pursuant to this Agreement are available for download at
https://www.verisign.com/support/roots.html,
https://www.thawte.com/roots/index.html or
https://www.geotrust.com/resources/rootcertificates/index.html.
2. LICENSE. During the term of this Agreement, Symantec grants You a
royalty-free, non-exclusive, non- transferable license to (a) use the Root
Certificate for the purposes of testing (without the right to modify); (b) make
copies of Root Certificates only in order to embed and incorporate them,
unmodified and in full, as roots in Your Products; (c) distribute the Root
Certificates as embedded and incorporated in such Products; and (d) use the
relevant logos and trademarks of Symantec in Your marketing materials,
advertisements, product data sheets, product packaging and websites solely
conjunction with the distribution of the Root Certificates in accordance with
Symantecâ€™s published guidelines for such usage. You shall not have the right to
further distribute the Root Certificates other than as described herein without
an additional license grant, in a separate writing, from Symantec.
3. RESTRICTIONS. You may not: (a) modify or create any derivative works of Root
Certificates; (b) assign, sublicense, sell, rent, or lease Symantec's root keys
or Root Certificates; (c) use such Root Certificates except as expressly
permitted under this Agreement; (d) remove or alter any trademark, logo,
copyright, or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols, or labels provided
in the Root Certificates; or (e) certify, or cause a third party to certify,
the public key contained in the Root Certificates by issuing or creating a
Certificate containing such public key.
4. CUSTOMERâ€™S OBLIGATIONS.
4.1. During the term of this Agreement, You shall use commercially reasonable
efforts regularly check the applicable Symantec URL for updates to the Root
Certificates and update Root Certificates embedded into Your Products with the
most currently available Root Certificates, unmodified and in full, or as a
patch or update. If Symantec updates its Root Certificates,, You shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) discontinue all copying and use of the
Root Certificates which have been replaced, and (ii) to use Symantecâ€™s
then-current Root Certificates. Any updates to the Root Certificates are
incorporated into and subject to the terms of this Agreement.
4.2. You shall appoint at least one (1) individual as the administrative
contact designated to address any Root Certificate issues and shall provide the
contact information for such individual to dl-tss- root@symantec.com.
4.3 In the event You become aware of or suspect any event that diminishes the
integrity of Symantec's data or public key system ("Compromise"), You shall
immediately notify Symantec at dl-tss-root@symantec.com of such Compromise, and
take reasonable steps to assist and cooperate with Symantec to remedy the
Compromise.
4.4 In the event that Symantec modifies these terms of use for the Root
certificates for all end users, Symantec shall post the modified terms for the
Agreement on the applicable URL and may post the modified terms on the Symantec
corporate website. You shall be responsible for regularly checking the
applicable URL for modifications to this Agreement. Such modifications shall be
effective and binding on Customer within thirty (30) days of Symantecâ€™s posting
such modifications to its website. If you do not accept the modified Agreement,
discontinue use of the Root Certificates and this Agreement will be deemed as
terminated.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY.
5.1. Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" means the root
private keys corresponding to the public key in a Root Certificate, and any
confidential, trade secret, or other proprietary information disclosed by a
party to the other party under this Agreement, except for Information that: (i)
is public knowledge at the time of disclosure, (ii) was known by the receiving
party before disclosure by the disclosing party, or becomes public knowledge or
otherwise known to the receiving party after such disclosure, other than by
breach of a confidentiality obligation, or (iii) is independently developed by
the receiving party by persons without access to Confidential Information of
the disclosing party.
5.2. Protection of Confidential Information. The receiving party shall: (i) not
disclose the Confidential information to any third party, (ii) not use the
Confidential Information except for purposes of performing this Agreement, and
(iii) take steps consistent with its protection of its own confidential and
proprietary information (but in no event exercise less than reasonable care) to
prevent unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information. Each party
acknowledges that breach of this Section 5 may cause irreparable harm to the
disclosing party entitling the disclosing party to injunctive relief, among
other remedies.
5.3. Mutual Cooperation. Each party will notify and cooperate with the other
party in enforcing the disclosing party's rights if such party becomes aware of
a threatened or actual violation of the confidentiality requirements of this
Section 5. Each party shall have confidentiality agreements with its employees,
agents or independent contractors sufficient in scope to fulfill its
confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.
6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. You acknowledge that Symantec, including its wholly
owned subsidiaries, retains all intellectual property rights and title
(including any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other rights) in
and to the Root Certificates, the public and private keys corresponding to such
Root Certificates ("Symantec Intellectual Property"). This Agreement does not
give You any intellectual property rights in the Symantec intellectual property
except for the license granted in Section 2. To the extent You use Symantec's
trademarks or logos as permitted herein, You agree to comply with all usage
requirements set forth in the then current version of Symantec's Logo and
Trademark Usage Guide
(http://www.symantec.com/about/profile/policies/trademarks.jsp) and any other
guides and procedures of Symantec.
7. NO WARRANTIES. THE ROOT CERTIFICATES, INCLUDING UPDATES, ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. SYMANTEC HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY
WILL SYMANTEC OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER
FORESEEABLE OR UNFORESEEABLE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU WILL TAKE REASONABLE MEASURES TO INSURE THAT
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE PRECEDING SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION 8
ARE INCORPORATED INTO ANY AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND YOUR CUSTOMERS OR
LICENSEES. SYMANTEC SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
DAMAGES CAUSED BY YOUR OR A THIRD PARTYâ€™S CONTINUED USE OF ANY OUTDATED ROOTS
FOR WHICH AN UPDATED VERSION IS MADE AVAILABLE BY SYMANTEC. FURTHER, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL SYMANTEC'S LIABILITY FOR ANY ACTION OR CLAIM EXCEED
USD$1,000, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT,
TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
9. TERM AND TERMINATION.
9.1. Term. This Agreement shall become effective as of the earlier of, Your
first use of the Root Certificates, and shall remain in effect until the
earlier of (i) Your discontinued use of the Root Certificates; (ii) termination
by either party under the terms of Section 9.2, below; or (iii) Symantecâ€™s
notice to You that Symantec is no longer providing Root Certificates for use.
9.2. Termination for Default/Insolvency. Either party shall be entitled to
terminate this Agreement in the event of a failure by the other party to
perform any of its material obligations under this Agreement if such breach is
not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof from
the non-defaulting party or within forty-eight (48) hours after receipt of such
written notice if a breach by You may compromise the security of the Symantec
Trust Network or other system. This Agreement shall terminate upon the election
of and notice from a party to the other if the other party is adjudged
insolvent or bankrupt, or the institution of any proceedings by or against the
other party seeking relief, reorganization, or arrangement under any laws
relating to insolvency, or any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, or trustee of any of the other party's
property or assets, or the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the other
party's business.
9.3. Effect of Expiration or Termination. Upon expiration or termination of
this Agreement, except for a breach by You, You may continue to distribute the
current version of Your Products which incorporate the Root Certificates. Any
updates or upgrades thereto may not include the Root Certificates and You shall
stop making copies of Root Certificates, shall stop including Root Certificates
in Your Products, and shall stop using Symantecâ€™s logos and trademarks. The
provisions of Sections 3, 4.3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.3, and 10 shall survive
termination of this Agreement.
10. GENERAL.
10.1. Governing Laws. This Agreement and any disputes relating to the services
provided hereunder shall be governed and interpreted according to each of the
following laws, respectively, without regard to its conflicts of law
provisions: (a) the laws of the State of California, if You are located in
North America or Latin America; or (b) the law of England, if You are located
in Europe, Middle East or Africa; or (c) the laws of Singapore, if You are
located in Asia Pacific including Japan. The United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this
Agreement.
10.2. Binding Upon Successors; Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding
upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, executors, heirs,
representatives, administrators, and assigns of the parties hereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, You may not assign Your rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Symantec. Any such
purported assignment of this Agreement without obtaining written consent shall
be void and of no effect.
10.3. Severability; Enforcement; No Waiver. The unenforceability of any
provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not impair the enforceability
of any other part of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement shall
be deemed invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this Agreement shall
be deemed amended to delete or modify, as necessary, the invalid or
unenforceable provision to render it valid, enforceable, and, insofar as
possible, consistent with the original intent of the parties. The failure of a
party, at any time or from time to time, to require performance of any
obligations of the other party hereunder shall not be deemed a waiver and shall
not affect its right to enforce any provision of this Agreement at a subsequent
time.
10.4. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement constitutes the
entire understanding and agreement of the parties, whether written or oral,
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and
contemporaneous agreements or understandings between the parties. Any term or
provision of this Agreement may be amended, and the observance of any term of
this Agreement may be waived, only by writing signed by the parties to be bound
thereby.
10.5. Compliance with Law, Export Requirements and Foreign Reshipment
Liability. Each party shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local
laws and regulations in connection with its performance under this Agreement.
Services, including documentation, may include controlled technology or
technical data (collectively â€œControlled Technologyâ€�) that is subject to the
U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and diversion contrary to U.S.
law is prohibited. You agree to comply with all relevant laws including the
U.S. EAR and the laws of any country from which Controlled Technology is
exported. All Controlled Technology is prohibited for export or re-export to
Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Sudan and Syria and to any country or its nationals
subject to relevant embargo or sanction or to any entity or person for which an
export license is required per any relevant restricted party list, without
first obtaining a license. Furthermore, You hereby agree that You will not use
or allow use of Controlled Technology in connection with chemical, biological,
or nuclear weapons, or missiles, drones or space launch vehicles capable of
delivering such weapons. Symantec shall have the right to suspend performance
of any of its obligations under this Agreement, without any prior notice being
required and without any liability to Customer, if You fail to comply with this
provision.
10.6. Notices. You will make all notices, demands or requests to Symantec with
respect to this Agreement in writing to the "Contact" address listed on the
website from where you downloaded the Root Certificates, with a copy to:
General Counsel â€“ Legal Department, Symantec Corporation, 350 Ellis Street,
Mountain View, California 94043, USA. Notices shall be effective on the date
received (unless the notice specifies a later date) only if it is sent by a
courier service that confirms delivery in writing or if sent by certified or
registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. Symantec may post
notices and updates regarding the Agreement or the Root Certificates at the URL
provided to You for the Root Certificates. You shall be responsible for
regularly checking the applicable URL for notices from Symantec regarding the
Agreement or the Root Certificates. No notices, demands, or requests to
Symantec with respect to this Agreement may be delivered by electronic mail.
You shall immediately notify Symantec of any legal notices served on You that
might affect Symantec, and shall promptly forward the original or a copy of
such notice to Symantec.
10.7. Independent Parties. The relationship between You and Symantec is that of
independent contractors. Neither party nor its employees, consultants,
contractors, or agents are agents, employees, or joint venturers of the other
party, nor do they have any authority to bind the other party by contract or
otherwise to any obligation.

Root Certificate License Agreement v3.0 (January 2014)

The New Relic Node.js agent also uses code from the following open source
projects under the following licenses:

async                       http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
concat-stream               http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https-proxy-agent           http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
json-stringify-safe         http://opensource.org/licenses/ISC
readable-stream             http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
semver                      http://opensource.org/licenses/ISC


vendor/golang.org/x/crypto/PATENTS (ingress-nginx)
(https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/tree/2f8e81e383d58b0b8d35b08c72b1e7d8982c6816)
"This implementation" means the copyrightable works distributed by
Google as part of the Go project.
Google hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
transfer and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of this
implementation of Go, where such license applies only to those patent
claims, both currently owned or controlled by Google and acquired in
the future, licensable by Google that are necessarily infringed by this
implementation of Go. This grant does not include claims that would be
infringed only as a consequence of further modification of this
implementation. If you or your agent or exclusive licensee institute or
order or agree to the institution of patent litigation against any
entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
that this implementation of Go or any code incorporated within this
implementation of Go constitutes direct or contributory patent
infringement, or inducement of patent infringement, then any patent
rights granted to you under this License for this implementation of Go
shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

NeuQuant Neural-Net Quantization Algorithm (libgd-gd-2.2.4)
NEUQUANT Neural-Net quantization algorithm by Anthony Dekker, 1994.
See "Kohonen neural networks for optimal colour quantization"
in "Network: Computation in Neural Systems" Vol. 5 (1994) pp 351-367.
for a discussion of the algorithm.
See also  http://members.ozemail.com.au/Ëœdekker/NEUQUANT.HTML

Any party obtaining a copy of these files from the author, directly or
indirectly, is granted, free of charge, a full and unrestricted irrevocable,
world-wide, paid up, royalty-free, nonexclusive right and license to deal
in this software and documentation files (the "Software"), including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons who receive
copies from any such party to do so, with the only requirement being
that this copyright notice remain intact.

e2fsprogs-1.43.4(Dictionary Abstract Data Type)
All rights are reserved by the author, with the following exceptions:
Permission is granted to freely reproduce and distribute this software,
possibly in exchange for a fee, provided that this copyright notice appears
intact. Permission is also granted to adapt this software to produce
derivative works, as long as the modified versions carry this copyright
notice and additional notices stating that the work has been modified.
This source code may be translated into executable form and incorporated
into proprietary software; there is no requirement for such software to
contain a copyright notice related to this source.

pcsc-lite
Apple Public Source License
https://opensource.apple.com/source/SmartCardServices/SmartCardServices-55111/src/PCSC/pcsclite.h.auto.html
The contents of this file constitute Original Code as defined in and
are subject to the Apple Public Source License Version 1.1 (the
"License").  You may not use this file except in compliance with the
License.  Please obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apple.com/publicsource and read it before using this file.

This Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  Please see the
License for the specific language governing rights and limitations
under the License.

jju, chai-as-promised
WTFPL
Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar 
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

libfcgi-perl
(http://metadata.ftp-master.debian.org/changelogs/main/libf/libfcgi-perl/libfcgi-perl_0.74-1_copyright)
(Copyright: 1996-1998, Sven Verdoolaege 1995-1996, Open Market, Inc.)
This FastCGI application library source and object code (the
 ""Software"") and its documentation (the ""Documentation"") are
 copyrighted by Open Market, Inc (""Open Market"").  The following terms
 apply to all files associated with the Software and Documentation
 unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.
 .
 Open Market permits you to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license
 this Software and the Documentation for any purpose, provided that
 existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
 notice is included verbatim in any distributions.  No written
 agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the
 authorized uses.  Modifications to this Software and Documentation may
 be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing
 terms described here.  If modifications to this Software and
 Documentation have new licensing terms, the new terms must be clearly
 indicated on the first page of each file where they apply.
 .
 OPEN MARKET MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE
 SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
 WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN
 NO EVENT SHALL OPEN MARKET BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
 DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS SOFTWARE OR THE
 DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR
 LOST DATA, EVEN IF OPEN MARKET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 SUCH DAMAGES.  THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED ""AS IS"".
 OPEN MARKET HAS NO LIABILITY IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR
 OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION.
 
vim, vim-common , vim-runtime, vim-tiny
(2001-2017 Bram Moolenaar)
http://metadata.ftp-master.debian.org/changelogs/main/v/vim/vim_8.0.1453-1_copyright

I)  There are no restrictions on distributing unmodified copies of Vim except
    that they must include this license text.  You can also distribute
    unmodified parts of Vim, likewise unrestricted except that they must
    include this license text.  You are also allowed to include executables
    that you made from the unmodified Vim sources, plus your own usage
    examples and Vim scripts.

II) It is allowed to distribute a modified (or extended) version of Vim,
    including executables and/or source code, when the following four
    conditions are met:
    1) This license text must be included unmodified.
    2) The modified Vim must be distributed in one of the following five ways:
       a) If you make changes to Vim yourself, you must clearly describe in
   the distribution how to contact you.  When the maintainer asks you
   (in any way) for a copy of the modified Vim you distributed, you
   must make your changes, including source code, available to the
   maintainer without fee.  The maintainer reserves the right to
   include your changes in the official version of Vim.  What the
   maintainer will do with your changes and under what license they
   will be distributed is negotiable.  If there has been no negotiation
   then this license, or a later version, also applies to your changes.
   The current maintainer is Bram Moolenaar <Bram@vim.org>.  If this
   changes it will be announced in appropriate places (most likely
   vim.sf.net, www.vim.org and/or comp.editors).  When it is completely
   impossible to contact the maintainer, the obligation to send him
   your changes ceases.  Once the maintainer has confirmed that he has
   received your changes they will not have to be sent again.
       b) If you have received a modified Vim that was distributed as
   mentioned under a) you are allowed to further distribute it
   unmodified, as mentioned at I).  If you make additional changes the
   text under a) applies to those changes.
       c) Provide all the changes, including source code, with every copy of
   the modified Vim you distribute.  This may be done in the form of a
   context diff.  You can choose what license to use for new code you
   add.  The changes and their license must not restrict others from
   making their own changes to the official version of Vim.
       d) When you have a modified Vim which includes changes as mentioned
   under c), you can distribute it without the source code for the
   changes if the following three conditions are met:
   - The license that applies to the changes permits you to distribute
     the changes to the Vim maintainer without fee or restriction, and
     permits the Vim maintainer to include the changes in the official
     version of Vim without fee or restriction.
   - You keep the changes for at least three years after last
     distributing the corresponding modified Vim.  When the maintainer
     or someone who you distributed the modified Vim to asks you (in
     any way) for the changes within this period, you must make them
     available to him.
   - You clearly describe in the distribution how to contact you.  This
     contact information must remain valid for at least three years
     after last distributing the corresponding modified Vim, or as long
     as possible.
       e) When the GNU General Public License (GPL) applies to the changes,
   you can distribute the modified Vim under the GNU GPL version 2 or
   any later version.
    3) A message must be added, at least in the output of the "":version""
       command and in the intro screen, such that the user of the modified Vim
       is able to see that it was modified.  When distributing as mentioned
       under 2)e) adding the message is only required for as far as this does
       not conflict with the license used for the changes.
    4) The contact information as required under 2)a) and 2)d) must not be
       removed or changed, except that the person himself can make
       corrections.

III) If you distribute a modified version of Vim, you are encouraged to use
     the Vim license for your changes and make them available to the
     maintainer, including the source code.  The preferred way to do this is
     by e-mail or by uploading the files to a server and e-mailing the URL.
     If the number of changes is small (e.g., a modified Makefile) e-mailing a
     context diff will do.  The e-mail address to be used is
     <maintainer@vim.org>

IV)  It is not allowed to remove this license from the distribution of the Vim
     sources, parts of it or from a modified version.  You may use this
     license for previous Vim releases instead of the license that they came
     with, at your option.

	 
libwrap0
(https://packages.debian.org/jessie/libwrap0)
Copyright 1995 by Wietse Venema. Some individual
files may be covered by other copyrights.

This material was originally written and compiled by Wietse Venema at
Eindhoven University of Technology, The Netherlands, in 1990, 1991,
1992, 1993, 1994 and 1995.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this entire copyright notice
is duplicated in all such copies.

This software is provided ""as is"" and without any expressed or implied
warranties, including, without limitation, the implied warranties of
merchantibility and fitness for any particular purpose.	

vim-minimal
(http://rpmfind.net/linux/rpm2html/search.php?query=vim-minimal)

Vim is Charityware. You can use and copy it as much as you like, but you are encouraged to make a donation to help orphans in Uganda. Please read the file runtime/doc/uganda.txt for details (do :help uganda inside Vim).

Summary of the license: There are no restrictions on using or distributing an unmodified copy of Vim. Parts of Vim may also be distributed, but the license text must always be included. For modified versions a few restrictions apply. The license is GPL compatible, you may compile Vim with GPL libraries and distribute it."

dict (libcom_err)
Free Software License:
 *
 * All rights are reserved by the author, with the following exceptions:
 * Permission is granted to freely reproduce and distribute this software,
 * possibly in exchange for a fee, provided that this copyright notice appears
 * intact. Permission is also granted to adapt this software to produce
 * derivative works, as long as the modified versions carry this copyright
 * notice and additional notices stating that the work has been modified.
 * This source code may be translated into executable form and incorporated
 * into proprietary software; there is no requirement for such software to
 * contain a copyright notice related to this source.
 
 
 pkcs11.h (docker-ce)
 License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is
 * identified as "RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11 Cryptographic Token Interface
 * (Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or referencing this software.

 * License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that
 * such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11
 * Cryptographic Token Interface (Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or 
 * referencing the derived work.

 * RSA Security Inc. makes no representations concerning either the 
 * merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for
 * any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
 * warranty of any kind.

pspax (scanelf)
THE BEER-WARE LICENSE   (Revision 42):                                     
As long as you retain this notice you can do whatever you want with this 
stuff. If we meet some day, and you think this stuff is worth it,  
you can buy me a beer in return.    Ned Ludd. --solarx

DojoX Math (MySQL)

Copyright (c) 2003-2005  Tom Wu
 * All Rights Reserved.
 *
 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
 * a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
 * "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
 * without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
 * distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
 * permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
 * the following conditions:
 *
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
 * included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
 * EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
 * WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 *
 * IN NO EVENT SHALL TOM WU BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
 * INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
 * RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT
 * OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
 *
 * In addition, the following condition applies:
 *
 * All redistributions must retain an intact copy of this copyright notice
 * and disclaimer.
 */

Address all questions regarding this license to:

  Tom Wu
tjw@cs.Stanford.EDU

analyze.js (npm)
WTFPL
Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar 
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
 copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
 as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

aesp8-ppc.pl (go)

Copyright (c) 2006-2017, CRYPTOGAMS by <appro@openssl.org> All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of 
source code must retain copyright notices, this list of conditions and the following 
disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other 
materials provided with the distribution. * Neither the name of the CRYPTOGAMS nor the names 
of its copyright holder and contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived 
from this software without specific prior written permission. ALTERNATIVELY, provided that this 
notice is retained in full, this product may be distributed under the terms of the 
GNU General Public License (GPL), in which case the provisions of the GPL apply INSTEAD OF 
those given above. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND CONTRIBUTORS 
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT 
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS 
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


dojo/cldr/

Unicode Data Files include all data files under the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, 
and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/ . Unicode Software includes any source code published in the Unicode Standard or under
the directories http://www.unicode.org/Public/, http://www.unicode.org/reports/, and http://www.unicode.org/cldr/data/.
NOTICE TO USER: Carefully read the following legal agreement. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR 
OTHERWISE USING UNICODE INC.'S DATA FILES ("DATA FILES"), AND/OR SOFTWARE ("SOFTWARE"), YOU
UNEQUIVOCALLY ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY, DISTRIBUTE OR USE THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.

COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE
Copyright Â© 1991-2007 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved. Distributed under the Terms of Use in http://www.unicode.org/copyright.html.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Unicode data files and any associated
documentation (the "Data Files") or Unicode software and any associated documentation (the "Software") to deal in the Data 
Files or Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell 
copies of the Data Files or Software, and to permit persons to whom the Data Files or Software are furnished to do so, provided
that (a) the above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear with all copies of the Data Files or Software, (b) both the
above copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in associated documentation, and (c) there is clear notice in each modified Data File 
or in the Software as well as in the documentation associated with the Data File(s) or Software that the data or software has been modified.
THE DATA FILES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR HOLDERS
INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, 
OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA FILES OR SOFTWARE.
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other 
dealings in these Data Files or Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under a unique license:

fonts/LICENSE_helvetica.md

The Helvetica Neue license includes unlimited usage for all IBM software, either
on premise or Software as a Service (SaaS). This license allows you to use the
fonts for _"IBM branded software products installed on customer workstations,
servers, tablets and mobile devices"_. This includes _"all platforms that
support font data installation"_, as well as _"IBM server based software
products where the font remains on IBM servers"_ on an unlimited number of
servers or CPUs.


gonvml

* Copyright 1993-2016 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.
*
* NOTICE TO USER:
*
* This source code is subject to NVIDIA ownership rights under U.S. and
* international Copyright laws. Users and possessors of this source code
* are hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to use this code
* in individual and commercial software.
*
* NVIDIA MAKES NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THIS SOURCE
* CODE FOR ANY PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT EXPRESS OR
* IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. NVIDIA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
* REGARD TO THIS SOURCE CODE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
* MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
* IN NO EVENT SHALL NVIDIA BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
* OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
* OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
* OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
* OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOURCE CODE.
*
* U.S. Government End Users. This source code is a "commercial item" as
* that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (OCT 1995), consisting of
* "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
* documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 1995)
* and is provided to the U.S. Government only as a commercial end item.
* Consistent with 48 C.F.R.12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through
* 227.7202-4 (JUNE 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire the
* source code with only those rights set forth herein.
*
* Any use of this source code in individual and commercial software must
* include, in the user documentation and internal comments to the code,
* the above Disclaimer and U.S. Government End Users Notice.
*/

/*
NVML API Reference

The NVIDIA Management Library (NVML) is a C-based programmatic interface for monitoring and
managing various states within NVIDIA Tesla &tm; GPUs. It is intended to be a platform for building
3rd party applications, and is also the underlying library for the NVIDIA-supported nvidia-smi
tool. NVML is thread-safe so it is safe to make simultaneous NVML calls from multiple threads.
API Documentation


pkcs11.h

/* License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is
* identified as "RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11 Cryptographic Token Interface
* (Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or referencing this software.

* License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that
* such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Security Inc. PKCS #11
* Cryptographic Token Interface (Cryptoki)" in all material mentioning or
* referencing the derived work.

* RSA Security Inc. makes no representations concerning either the
* merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for
* any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
* warranty of any kind.


stdint.h

Consult your license regarding permissions and restrictions.

jiju (NodeJS) , analyze.js (npm)
Alex Kocharin <alex@kocharin.ru>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
as the name is changed.

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


RFC2817Socket (async_testing (Node))

Adobe Systems Incorporated(r) Source Code License Agreement

Copyright(c) 2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

Please read this Source Code License Agreement carefully before using the source code.

Adobe Systems Incorporated grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, 
irrevocable copyright license, to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, 
and distribute this source code and such derivative works in source or object code form without any attribution 
requirements.

The name "Adobe Systems Incorporated" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from the source code 
without prior written permission.

You agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Adobe Systems Incorporated from and against any loss, damage, claims 
or lawsuits, including attorney's fees that arise or result from your use or distribution of the source code.

THIS SOURCE CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS", WITHOUT ANY TECHNICAL SUPPORT OR ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE OR QUIET ENJOYMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL MACROMEDIA OR 
ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOURCE CODE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


END OF UNIQUE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the W3C Software Notice and License:

GCC-4.9.2(org.w3c.dom.css), GCC-5.4.0(org.w3c.dom.css),
libgcc-6.3.0(org.w3c.dom.css), w3c,
ansible-web-platform tests, soap12-encoding.xsd, 
SOAP 1.1 encoding: strong-soap 1.12.1, SOAP 1.2 encoding: strong-soap
1.12.1, test cases, TESTDATA [dns], CHARSET [net], WEB-PLATFORM-TESTS [NodeJS],
CHARSET-TESTDATA [golang/net]


W3CÂ® SOFTWARE NOTICE AND LICENSE

Copyright Â© 1994-2001 World Wide Web Consortium, (Massachusetts 
Institute of Technology, Institut National de Recherche en Informatique 
et en Automatique, Keio University). All Rights Reserved. 
http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/ 

This W3C work (including software, documents, or other related items) is 
being provided by the copyright holders under the following license. By 
obtaining, using and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that 
you have read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and 
conditions: 

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its 
documentation, with or without modification, for any purpose and without 
fee or royalty is hereby granted, provided that you include the 
following on ALL copies of the software and documentation or portions 
thereof, including modifications, that you make: 


    1. The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of
       the redistributed or derivative work.

    2. Any pre-existing intellectual property disclaimers, notices, or
       terms and conditions. If none exist, a short notice of the
       following form (hypertext is preferred, text is permitted) should
       be used within the body of any redistributed or derivative code:
       "Copyright Â© [$date-of-software] World Wide Web Consortium,
       (Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Institut National de
       Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique, Keio University).
       All Rights Reserved. http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/"

    3. Notice of any changes or modifications to the W3C files,
       including the date changes were made. (We recommend you provide
       URIs to the location from which the code is derived.)

THIS SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT 
HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, 
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. 

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION. 

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in 
advertising or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, 
written prior permission. Title to copyright in this software and any 
associated documentation will at all times remain with copyright 
holders. 

END OF W3C SOFTWARE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZLIB LICENSE

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zlib License:

pigz, uws, zlib (python), mcroprotocols.c (python), pysqlite (python)


This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the author be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
  
END OF ZLIB LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE V2.0

The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained
under the Zope Public License, Version 2.0:

meld3 (Copyright (c) 2005-2013 Agendaless Consulting and Contributors)
python-meld3 (Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Agendaless Consulting and Contributors)
supervisor ( Copyright (c) 2006-2015 Agendaless Consulting and Contributors(http://www.agendaless.com)),
supervisor (Medusa) (Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Agendaless Consulting and
Contributors. (http://www.agendaless.com)), 
CONFIGOBJ.PY [bzr (Python)] (Copyright (C) 2005-2009 Michael Foord,
Nicola Larosa), bootstrap.py (Copyright (c) 2006 Zope Corporation and 
Contributors. # All Rights Reserved.), TRANSLATIONSTRING [Pip] (Author:Ian Bicking), CONTRIBUTORS [Pip]
(Author:Ian Bicking)


This software is Copyright (c) Zope Corporation (tm) and Contributors. All rights reserved.

This license has been certified as open source. It has also been designated as GPL compatible by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions in source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The name Zope Corporation (tm) must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written permission from Zope Corporation.

4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does not give you the right to use Servicemarks (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of Zope Corporation. Use of them is covered in a separate agreement (see http://www.zope.com/Marks).

5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

Disclaimer

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ZOPE CORPORATION ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ZOPE CORPORATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This software consists of contributions made by Zope Corporation and many individuals on behalf of Zope Corporation. Specific attributions are listed in the accompanying credits file.

END OF ZOPE PUBLIC LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

END OF NOTICE FILE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


L/N:  L-RJON-BCSHN2
D/N:  L-RJON-BCSHN2
P/N:  L-RJON-BCSHN2